<|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Japanese banks are expected to give
Nigerian debt negotiators a cool response when they arrive here
tomorrow for talks, banking sources said.
    "We're not very enthusiastic about Nigeria's debt
rescheduling," said a senior official at a leading Japanese
bank.
    A team of Nigerian officials will meet with Japanese
creditor banks here later this week to seek Japanese support
for a proposed refinancing of part of Nigeria's 19 billion dlr
foreign debt, bankers said.
    The senior bank official said a majority of Japanese bank
creditors are unwilling to provide any new credits to Nigeria
although about 80 pct have reluctantly agreed to accept
rescheduling of part of their existing loans.
    "The problem is Nigeria has so far neglected us Japanese
creditors and we have yet to receive a clear-cut picture of the
nation's debt situation," said another Japanese bank official.
    He said Japanese bankers were unaware of the exact extent
of Western commercial bank exposure to Nigeria and were
uncertain about the proposed refinancing package details.
    Some 21 Japanese banks have loans outstanding to Nigeria,
representing about four pct of the credit extended by Western
commercial institutions, banking sources said.
    They said Nigeria would probably request about 320 mln dlrs
in fresh private bank money and rescheduling of some 1.4 to 1.5
billion dlrs in existing loans due in 1986 and 1987. Japanese
banks want Nigeria to make clear its debt repayment scheme as
well as its economic reconstruction plans during the two-day
meeting here, the sources added.
    "Otherwise, our response will be very negative," the senior
official said.
    Banking sources said some 80 pct of international creditor
banks involved have responded positively to the Nigerian debt
proposal.
    Bank of Japan officials said they hope Japanese commercial
banks will help Nigeria overcome its debt problems.
    Barclays Bank plc <BCS.L> has the most exposure to
Nigeria's debt and is chairing a bank steering committee
looking at the problem, the banking sources said. BankAmerica
Corp <BAC.N> is coordinating private bank creditors in the Far
East and representing them on the committee, they added.
 REUTER

[PLACE]:japan, nigeria
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Net profit 57.1 mln dlrs vs loss 69.1 mln.
    Net is equity accounted
    Pre-equity accounted net 39.90 mln dlrs vs loss 49.11 mln
    Pre-equity shr profit 7.1 cents vs loss 8.7
    Final div to be announced after July 1 vs first and final
1.0 cent.
    Sales 1.88 billion vs 1.78 billion
    Other income 52.75 mln vs 15.22 mln
    Shrs 560.61 mln vs same.
    NOTE - Net is after tax paid 46.85 mln dlrs vs credit 5.02
mln, interest 127.68 mln vs 117.19 mln, depreciation 109.29 mln
vs 100.73 mln and minorities 1.50 mln vs loss 331,000.
    But net is before net extraordinary loss 140.5 mln vs nil.
Extraordinaries comprise exchange losses 102.9 mln, provision
for Goldendale smelter closure costs 27.3 mln and increase in
future tax provision 10.3 mln.
 REUTER

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Chicago physician LeRoy Pesch said he
has had discussions with several American Medical International
Inc shareholders and sees support for a restructuring of the
company.
    Pesch said he has discussed his sweetened, 1.91 billion dlr
takeover bid for American Medical with several large
shareholders, including the biggest investor, the Bass family
of Texas. However, the Bass family has not indicated support
one way or the other for his offer, he said.
    Pesch, in an interview with Reuters, said based on the
conversations he held with shareholders, he could not guage
whether he had majority support. He said, however, there is
support for his offer.
    Pesch would not identify shareholders with whom he held
discussions other than the Bass family and the Wedge Group Inc,
the only other holder of more than five pct of American Medical
stock.
    Earlier today, Wedge Group, which has a 5.5 pct stake, 
said it held discussions with Pesch, American Medical
management and other American Medical shareholders.
    Wedge, in a filing with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, said it believes a restructuring of American
Medical and its business would be "highly desirable and
appropriate at this time."
    "That's the sort of position that I find a large segment of
shareholders of AMI really share," said Pesch.
    Pesch said he held discussions with Wedge about joining his
takeover effort, in which he is offering 17 dlrs cash, four
dlrs in preferred stock and one dlr in common stock for each
American Medical share. Wedge said it has no plans to join in
an effort to seek control of American Medical, but it would not
rule out a future takeover try.
    Pesch said he did not discuss a joint takeover proposal
with the Bass family.
    Some analysts saw the Wedge statement as a boost to Pesch's
takeover effort and a further sign that there could be some
shareholder dissatisfaction following American Medical's
previous rejection of a 20 dlr per share all cash offer from
Pesch.
    American Medical is expected to resist Pesch's latest bid.
Larry Feinberg, an analyst with Dean Witter Reynolds Inc said a
management-led leveraged buyout cannot be ruled out.
    An American Medical spokesman said the company will comment
on the new Pesch offer by March 10.
    Analysts continue to view the Bass family as a factor in
the outcome of the bid for control of American Medical.
    The Bass family holds an 11. 6 pct stake in American
Medical, and the company has previously said the investors
support management's internal plan to improve the company's
performance. The Bass family would not comment on American
Medical or Pesch.
    Pesch, who led the leveraged buyout of Republic Health Corp
last year, continues to face a credibilty problem on Wall
Street because of the long time it took to finish the Republic
acquisition.
    Republic also has substantial debt, and has left wall
street questioning whether financing can be completed for the
much larger American Medical takeover proposal.
    Pesch's first offer for American Medical was made without
an investment banking firm, another cause for concern to Wall
Street. However, Pesch entered his second offer with
representation from Donaldson, Lufkin, and Jenrette Securities
and Security Pacific Merchant Banking Group.
    "I don't have any doubt that the current transaction can be
worked out and completed, provided we get to the point where
Ami management will sit down and talk in a friendly
environment," Pesch said.
    Pesch would not elaborate on what type of financing
arrangements are being made. He did say if he succeeds in
acquiring American Medical he plans to keep much of American
Medical management in place.
    He said he plans to combine the company with Republic to
form an efficient network of hospitals.
    Analysts said they do not believe a much higher offer could
be made for American Medical.
    Byron Nimocks of E.F. Hutton Group said improved second
fiscal quarter earnings could make American Medical stock worth
about 20 dlrs per share.
    Nimocks estimates American Medical earnings for the second
quarter ended February 28 could be 35 cts, compared to a 95 ct
loss last year.
    Nimocks said Pesch's revised offer is not worth much more
than the 20 dlrs cash offered previously.
    But Feinberg said there is a better chance a transaction
could be completed because of the revised structure of the
offer. "I think it's much more doable," he said.
    Analysts have said American Medical has begun a turnaround
by replacing some members of management and reducing costs.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Daisy Systems Corp said it
has introduced a line of computer-aided engineering
workstations.
    The workstation family includes the Personal Logician 386,
the Logician 386 and the Personal Logicial 286.
    The Personal Logician 386 is a desktop, 32-bit IBM Personal
Computer AT-compatible workstation, base priced at 20,000 dlrs.
    The Logician 386 is a 32-bit accelerated graphics
workstation, priced at 50,000 dlrs.
    The Personal Logician 286 is based on the IBM PC AT and the
EGA graphics standard, base priced at 15,000 dlrs.
    Daisy said the products will be available in 90 days.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Sweden's ruling Social Democratic
Party gave full power to the government to decree unilateral
trade sanctions against South Africa, Prime Minister Ingvar
Calrsson said.
    Carlsson told a news conference the party decided the fight
against apartheid took priority over Sweden's traditional
policy of only adopting sanctions with the backing of the U.N.
Security Council.
    The government will decide later what form the trade
boycott will take and when it will come into force.
 REUTER

[PLACE]:sweden, south-africa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:
[PLACE]:
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Excelan Inc said it is making an
initial public offering of 2,129,300 shares of common stock at
12 dlrs per share.
    Excelan said 1.6 mln of the shares are being sold by the
company and 529,300 shares are being sold by stockholders.
    Excelan designs and manufactures computer-related products.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Commercial Credit Co said it has
completed the sale of its domestic vehicle leasing unit,
McCullagh Leasing Inc, the New England Merchants Leasing Corp
for an after-tax gain of 17 mln dlrs.
    Commercial Credit said it received 68 mln dlrs and the
repayment of 250 mln dlrs in debt for McCullagh.  It said its
Canadian vehicle leasing unit, Commercial Credit Corp Ltd, will
also be sold to New England Merchants, with closing expected in
March subject to Canadian regulatory approval.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:The Panama Canal Commission, a U.S.
government agency, said in its daily operations report that
there was a backlog of 39 ships waiting to enter the canal
early today. Over the next two days it expects --              
             2/26  2/27
                       Due: 27    35
      Scheduled to Transit: 35    41
           End-Day Backlog: 31    25
    Average waiting time tomorrow --
         Super Tankers  Regular Vessels
 North End:  13 hrs      15 hrs
 South End:   4 hrs      26 hrs
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa, panama
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Japan has pledged to try to increase
its purchase of U.S. car parts and also to exchange data to
monitor the purchases, the Commerce Department said.
    U.S. negotiators opened talks last August with Japanese
officials to try to force open the Japanese market to
American-made parts in an effort to redress an estimated five
billion dlr deficit in car parts trade.
    Japan had agreed to try to increase purchases of U.S.-made
parts by Japanese car makers and to begin long term contracts
for parts purchases, a Commerce department official said.
    He added that the agreement also said Japan agreed to try
to devise a way to collect purchasing information in order to
monitor progress in stepping up Japanese orders.
    The Commerce Department said in a statement last year that
"statistics support the perception in the United States that
American auto parts suppliers are not welcome in the inner
circles of Japan's auto companies and their traditional
suppliers."
    It estimated that while Japan's car firms sold almost five
billion dlrs worth of parts in the United States in 1985, U.S.
firms sold only one per cent of Japan's 55 billion dlr market.
 reuter

[PLACE]:usa, japan
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:The Treasury Department said the
United States and the Virgin Islands have signed a tax treaty
to exchange tax information and provide mutual assistance in
tax matters.
    The agreement was needed to trigger provisions of the Tax
Reform Act of 1986 allowing the Virgin Islands to offer
investment incentives by reducing Virgin Islands taxes on
non-U.S. source income, the Treasury said.
    The treaty will be a model for similar agreements to be
negotiated with three other U.S. possessions -- American Samoa,
the Mariana Islands and Guam, the Treasury said.
    The new agreement, which expands and replaces a prior
agreement with the Virgin Islands, was signed on February 24,
the Treasury said.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa, us-virgin-islands, guam
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Showers continued throughout the week in
the Bahia cocoa zone, alleviating the drought since early
January and improving prospects for the coming temporao,
although normal humidity levels have not been restored,
Comissaria Smith said in its weekly review.
    The dry period means the temporao will be late this year.
    Arrivals for the week ended February 22 were 155,221 bags
of 60 kilos making a cumulative total for the season of 5.93
mln against 5.81 at the same stage last year. Again it seems
that cocoa delivered earlier on consignment was included in the
arrivals figures.
    Comissaria Smith said there is still some doubt as to how
much old crop cocoa is still available as harvesting has
practically come to an end. With total Bahia crop estimates
around 6.4 mln bags and sales standing at almost 6.2 mln there
are a few hundred thousand bags still in the hands of farmers,
middlemen, exporters and processors.
    There are doubts as to how much of this cocoa would be fit
for export as shippers are now experiencing dificulties in
obtaining +Bahia superior+ certificates.
    In view of the lower quality over recent weeks farmers have
sold a good part of their cocoa held on consignment.
    Comissaria Smith said spot bean prices rose to 340 to 350
cruzados per arroba of 15 kilos.
    Bean shippers were reluctant to offer nearby shipment and
only limited sales were booked for March shipment at 1,750 to
1,780 dlrs per tonne to ports to be named.
    New crop sales were also light and all to open ports with
June/July going at 1,850 and 1,880 dlrs and at 35 and 45 dlrs
under New York july, Aug/Sept at 1,870, 1,875 and 1,880 dlrs
per tonne FOB.
    Routine sales of butter were made. March/April sold at
4,340, 4,345 and 4,350 dlrs.
    April/May butter went at 2.27 times New York May, June/July
at 4,400 and 4,415 dlrs, Aug/Sept at 4,351 to 4,450 dlrs and at
2.27 and 2.28 times New York Sept and Oct/Dec at 4,480 dlrs and
2.27 times New York Dec, Comissaria Smith said.
    Destinations were the U.S., Covertible currency areas,
Uruguay and open ports.
    Cake sales were registered at 785 to 995 dlrs for
March/April, 785 dlrs for May, 753 dlrs for Aug and 0.39 times
New York Dec for Oct/Dec.
    Buyers were the U.S., Argentina, Uruguay and convertible
currency areas.
    Liquor sales were limited with March/April selling at 2,325
and 2,380 dlrs, June/July at 2,375 dlrs and at 1.25 times New
York July, Aug/Sept at 2,400 dlrs and at 1.25 times New York
Sept and Oct/Dec at 1.25 times New York Dec, Comissaria Smith
said.
    Total Bahia sales are currently estimated at 6.13 mln bags
against the 1986/87 crop and 1.06 mln bags against the 1987/88
crop.
    Final figures for the period to February 28 are expected to
be published by the Brazilian Cocoa Trade Commission after
carnival which ends midday on February 27.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:el-salvador, usa, uruguay
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Qtly div four cts vs four cts prior
    Pay March 27
    Record March 13
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:The underwriters said the initial
offering of 833,334 Schult Homes Corp units is being made at
five dlrs per unit.
    The underwriters, managed by Janney Montgomey Scott Inc and
Woolcott and Co Inc, said each unit consits of one common share
and one warrant to purchase one-half a common share at 5.50
dlrs per share until September one 1989 and thereafter at 6.50
dlrs per share until March 1991. The underwriters were granted
an over-allotment option of 125,000 units.
    They said the company will use its proceeds to pay a
portion of its subordinated note payable to Inland Steel Urban
Development Corp issued in connection with the acquisition of
Schult from Inland. Based in Elkhart, Ind., Schult is the
country's oldest manufactured home producer.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Assets of money market mutual funds
increased 720.4 mln dlrs in the week ended yesterday to 236.90
billion dlrs, the Investment Company Institute said.
    Assets of 91 institutional funds rose 356 mln dlrs to 66.19
billion dlrs, 198 general purpose funds rose 212.5 mln dlrs to
62.94 billion dlrs and 92 broker-dealer funds rose 151.9 mln
dlrs to 107.77 billion dlrs.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Shr 1.78 dlrs vs 1.64 dlrs
    Net 117 mln vs 106 mln
    Sales 2.02 billion vs 1.85 billion
    Avg shrs 65.6 mln vs 63.9 mln
    Year
    Shr 3.25 dlrs vs 2.75 dlrs
    Net 214 mln vs 177 mln
    Sales 6.50 billion vs 5.96 billion
    Avg shrs 65.6 mln vs 63.9 mln
    NOTE: Share data restated to reflect two for one stock
split in May 1986
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:
[PLACE]:
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:American Express Co, rumored to be
considering a spinoff of part of Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc,
said it is studying a range of options for its brokerage unit
that could improve Shearon's access to capital and help it meet
broadening international competition.
    In a joint statement, American Express and Shearson said
the actions under consideration are an integral part of
American Express' worldwide financial services strategy and
that the two companies have been having both internal and
external discussions on the matters.
    American Express said no decision has been reached on the
strategic options and that it and Shearson could ultimately
decide to follow growth plans already in place.
    Last week, rumors circulated on Wall Street that the
financial services giant was considering a spinoff of part of
Shearson and there was speculation it may be considering
selling a stake to a Japanese firm. Analysts said the
speculation also focused on American Express selling 20 pct of
the profitable brokerage firm to the public.
    There was some speculation that American Express had also
considered a total spinoff of Shearson, but the plan was
considered highly unlikely, analysts said.
     American Express said in the statement on Sunday that it
will not comment on rumors and speculation and a spokesman
would not go beyond the statement. The company also remained
silent last Thursday and Friday, as rumors drove American
Express stock up a total of 5-1/2 dlrs in two days to bring it
to a Friday close at 74.
     It said it issued the statement on Sunday because a
similar statement was being circulated to employees.
    Analysts have been divided on whether it makes sense for
American Express to give up a stake in the wholly-owned
brokerage, which improved its after-tax earnings by about 50
pct in the last year.
    Some analysts said American Express may consider spinning
off part of Shearson because it is concerned that its stock
price does not fully reflect the value of the brokerage firm.
     Shearson contributed 316 mln dlrs of American Express'
1.25 billion dlr net in 1986.
    American Express' ambitious plans for international growth
may be also enhanced by the added cash that spinning out part
of Shearson would bring. Analysts speculated that all of
Shearson would have a market value of about 3.5 billion dlrs.
    To some however, the need for added capital is puzzling.
"(American) Express is in a position where they can raise
capital if they need to," said Larry Eckenfelder of
Prudential-Bache Securities.
    Analysts said rumors were fed by the reorganization of
Shearson management Wednesday. Chief operating officer Jeffrey
Lane got the added, previously vacant, post of president.
     The reorganization also created four new positions for
chairmen of Shearson's operating divisions, a move analysts
speculated would allow Shearson to be a stand alone company.
     Analysts, contacted on Sunday said the statement does
little to clarify last week's market speculation. It does
confirm, however, that the financial services firm, which
unsuccessfully attempted to expand Shearson with a major
acquisition last year, is looking beyond its own walls for
growth and positioning in the global market competition.
    Late last year, Shearson's takeover offer to the E.F.
Hutton Group Inc was rejected by Hutton, and analysts said
there had been speculation that Shearson also was rebuffed when
it approached another major Wall Street brokerage.        
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Montedison Spa <MONI.MI> said it has
concluded its negotiations with Spanish pharmaceuticals company
<Antibioticos SA>.
    A company spokesman told Reuters "We have concluded the
talks and we are now awaiting authorization from Spanish
authorities." He declined to comment further.
    Earlier today the Italian company postponed a scheduled
press conference on its talks with Antibioticos. An Italian
press report today said Montedison has agreed to acquire
Antibioticos for 500 billion lire.
 REUTER

[PLACE]:italy, spain
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:ILC Technology Inc said
Raymond Montoya, vice president of finance, has been removed as
an officer and terminated as an employee of the company, and
ILC has filed a civil action against him to recover alleged
improprer disbursements of company funds.
    The company said Montoya has been arrested by police in
Hawthorne, Calif., and charged with grand theft and
embezzlement.
    It said the extent of the disbursements has not yet been
determined.  In independent auditor is helping assess the
alleged irregularities, the company said.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Equity investment company <Battery
Group Ltd> said it had agreed to buy <Occidental Life Insurance
Co of Australia Ltd> from TransAmerica Corp <TA> of the U.S.
For 105 mln Australian dlrs.
    The acquisition has been made possible by the efforts of
its major shareholder, <Pratt and Co Financial Services Pty
Ltd>, Battery Group said in a statement.
    The purchase will be partly funded by the issue of eight
mln shares at 4.50 dlrs each and four mln free options to the
Pratt Group, controlled by entrepreneur Dick Pratt, plus four
mln shares to professional investors at 4.50 each, it said.
    The balance will be funded by debt, Battery Group said.
    The acquisition is subject to the approval of its
shareholders.
    On completion of the share placements, Pratt Group will
effectively have 51 pct of Battery's enlarged capital, assuming
exercise of all options, it said. Battery now has 22 mln shares
on issue.
    Battery said Occidental Life is a major underwriter of
individual term life insurance and a recent but fast-growing
entrant in the individual account superannuation market.
    It has some 200 mln dlrs in funds under management.
 REUTER

[PLACE]:australia
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Shr 67 cts vs 23 cts
    Net 5,220,000 vs 3,143,000
    Revs 236.1 mln vs 256.2 mln
    Avg shrs 7.8 mln vs 13.7 mln
    Six Mths
    Shr 85 cts vs 59 cs
    Net 8,919,000 vs 8,158,000
    Revs 483.8 mln vs 515.5 mln
    Avg shrs 10.4 mln vs 13.7 mln
    NOTE: Fiscal 1987 second quarter and first half earnings
include a gain of 3.4 mln dlrs and exclude preferred dividend
requirements of five mln dlrs in the quarter and 5.6 mln dlrs
in the first half.
    Fiscal 1986 net reduced by currency losses equal to six cts
a share in the second quarter and equal to nine cts in the six
months.
   
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Appalachian Power Co, a unit of
American Electric Power Co, said it will redeem on May one an
additional 1.38 mln dlrs of its 12-7/8 pct first mortgage bonds
due 2013.
    That increases to 2.88 mln dlrs the amount of bonds the
utility will buy back. Appalachian Power said it will redeem
the bonds at par plus accrued interest.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Qtr ended Dec 31
    Shr profit nil vs loss nil
    Net profit 858 vs loss 3,957
    Revs 7,372 vs 1,500
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Vanguard Technologies International
Inc said it was awarded a 2.2 mln dlr contract from the Office
of the Secretary of Defense to provide facilities management
services.
    Under the one-year contract, which also has two one-year
optional performance periods, the company said it will provide
local area network operations, coordination of hardware
installation and maintenance, user support services and systems
and applications programming.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Comalco Ltd said its return to profit
reflected reduced costs, improved primary aluminium prices and
its withdrawal from a Japanese smelter venture.
    It said the earlier reported 57.1 mln dlr profit for the
year ended December 31 against a 69.13 mln dlr loss in 1985 was
also aided by lower interest rates on U.S. Dollar debt and
greater sales of bauxite and aluminium.
    Comalco said it expected to pay at least a four cents per
share final dividend, delayed until July 1 to take advantage of
proposed dividend imputation laws.
    This would make five cents for the year against a first and
final of one cent in 1985.
    Comalco said the aluminium industry continues to suffer
from low prices and excess capacity, though the weak Australian
dollar had helped earnings.
    Comalco's Commonwealth Aluminium Corp unit said earlier it
has conditionally agreed to sell its Goldendale smelter in
Washington, and port facilities at Portland, Oregon to Columbia
Aluminium Corp. Comalco said its extraordinary provision of
27.3 mln dlrs costs for Goldendale losses and closure may be
reduced if the sales agreement were completed.
 REUTER

[PLACE]:australia
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:
[PLACE]:
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:<Four Seasons Hotels> said it and <VMS
Realty Partners> of Chicago have agreed to purchase the Santa
Barbara Biltmore Hotel from Marriott Corp for an undisclosed
amount.
    It said the venture will rename the hotel the Four Seasons
Biltmore at Santa Barbara and invest over 13 mln dlrs in
improvements on the 228-room property.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:New York
 Sarich Technologies Trust - New York
 Health Management Associates - New York

 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:A senior official of Drexel Burnham
Lambert Inc and his father told the Securities and Exchange
Commission they have acquired 258,591 shares of Epsilon Data
Management Inc, or 9.4 pct of the total outstanding.
    Kenneth Thomas, senior vice president-investments at
Drexel's Los Angeles office, and his father, retired university
professor C.A. Thomas, said they bought the stake for 2.1 mln
dlrs primarily for investment purposes.
    They said they may buy more stock or sell some or all of
their stake, depending on market conditions, but have no plans
to seek control of the company.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Australian police said they charged a
former currency clerk of Westpac Banking Corp <WSTP.S> with
misappropriating 8,300 dlrs in July in an alleged
foreign-exchange fraud.
    A spokeswoman for the New South Wales Corporate Affairs
Commission (CAC) said the arrest was part of its investigation
stemming from complaints from Westpac and <Kleinwort Benson
Australia Ltd>.
    CAC and Westpac officials said they were working out how
much money was involved, but said press reports it was as much
as five mln dlrs were probably exaggerated.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:australia
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Murgold Resources Inc said the number
three vein zone at its Timmins, Ontario property yielded
partial assay results of 1.08 ounces gold a short ton across an
average width of 4.2 feet and length of 200 feet.
    It said many of the individual assays were more than one
ounce a ton but had not been cut.
    The company said these results were expected, because the
structure was known from previous drilling as a narrow but very
high-grade gold vein. Its known length is 2,800 feet and will
be explored and tested as part of the underground work, Murgold
said.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Advanced Systems Inc said it acquired
distribution rights to three interactive video courses
developed by NCR Corp <NCR>.
    The three courses, for data processing professionals and
bankers, are delivered through interactive video, which
combines video discs, personal computers and touch-screen
monitors.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Cincinnati Bell Inc said its board
declared a two-for-one stock split, subject to two thirds
approval at the annual meeting on April 20 of an increase in
authorized common shares to 120 mln from 60 mln.
    It said the split would be payable May 20 to holders of
record May Five.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:The Writers Guild of America said its
members have struck the news staffs of CBS Inc <CBS> and
Capital Cities/ABC Inc <CCB> this morning after negotiations
for a new contract broke down.
    The guild said there had been extensions prior to the
strike deadline this morning, but said the strike was called
after the companies refused to negotiate.
    The guild said the companies failed to put a final offer on
the table, made no money offer at all, and did not deviate
substantially from their original proposals, which, the guild
said, would have gutted the union contract.
    The guild said the networks demanded the right to terminate
employees at will and lay them off without the  arbitration,
and the hiring of temporary employees to replace staffer
employees.
    The guild represents newswriters, editors, desk assistants,
researchers, production assistants, promotion writers and
graphic artists.
    The strike affects unions in New York, Chicago, Washington
and Los Angeles. Picketing will commence at corporate
headquarters in New York and other locations, the guild said.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:U.S. electronic companies'
sales last year totalled 226.5 billion dlrs, slightly below the
228.7 billion dlrs reported in 1985, the American Electronic
Association said.
    Despite the decline, the fourth-quarter total of 61.1
billion dlrs matched the industry record for the same period of
1984, the AEA said.
    AEA senior vice president Ralph Thomson said that, although
the 1986 sales trend was mostly positive with an upturn at the
end of the year, the industry is waiting early 1987 figures
before trying to forecast the future.
    "Many of our companies, including the semiconductor sector,
are still being impacted by the enormous and growing trade
deficit with Japan," he said.
    Fourth-quarter orders totalled 60 billion dlrs for a 3.1
pct increase over the same quarter of 1985. December sales were
22.2 billion dlrs, up 2.8 pct from the same month in 1985.
    The association represents more than 2,800 firms that
produce electronic goods and services.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:U.S. Secretary of State George Shultz is
likely to visit Moscow soon for talks following new Soviet arms
control proposals, U.S. Officials said.
    The officials told Reuters no decision had been reached on
when the trip might take place, but it was likely to be within
a month.
    Kremlin leader Mikhail Gorbachev proposed on Saturday that
talks on medium range missiles be separated from other arms
issues.
    Schultz is currently visiting Peking.
 REUTER

[PLACE]:china, usa, ussr
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Shr 16 cts vs 13 cts
    Pay April 15
    Record March 31
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:
[PLACE]:
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Calny Inc said it has filed a
multi-million-dlr suit against PepsiCo Inc and its La Petite
Boulangerie unit.
    Calny, which holds 15 La Petite Boulangerie franchises,
alleges it and PepsiCo breached their agreements with Calny by
failing to support the franchises in a number of ways.
    The company further alleges that PepsiCo and La Petite
Boulangerie had fiduciary responsibilities to Calny because of
the longstanding relationship between Calny and Taco Bell, also
a PepsiCo subsidiary. Calny operates 143 Taco Bell restaurants.
    Calny said Pepsico misrepresented the readiness of the La
Petite Boulangerie to expand outside San Francisco and
misrepresented costs involved in operating the restaurants.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Springboard Software INc said it
signed a contract under which International Technology
Development Corp will provide software designers, programmers,
project supervisors and technical support personnel to
Springboard.
    International Technology, based in San Francisco and
Shanghai, China, employs Chinese computer specialists.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:inflation
plan, initially hailed at home and abroad as the saviour of the
economy, is limping towards its first anniversary amid soaring
prices, widespread shortages and a foreign payments crisis.
    Announced last February 28 the plan froze prices, fixed the
value of the new Cruzado currency and ended widespread
indexation of the economy in a bid to halt the country's 250
pct inflation rate.
    But within a year the plan has all but collapsed.
    "The situation now is worse than it was. Although there was
inflation, at least the economy worked," a leading bank
economist said.
    The crumbling of the plan has been accompanied by a
dramatic reversal in the foreign trade account. In 1984 and
1985 Brazil's annual trade surpluses had been sufficient to
cover the 12 billion dlrs needed to service its 109 billion dlr
foreign debt.
    For the first nine months of 1986 all seemed to be on
target for a repeat, with monthly surpluses averaging one
billion dlrs. But as exports were diverted and imports
increased to avoid further domestic shortages the trade surplus
plunged to 211 mln dlrs in October and since then has averaged
under 150 mln.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:brazil
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Merrill Lynch Capital Markets said it
received a mandate from Industrial Equity Ltd (IEL) of
Australia to arrange a letter of credit facility in support of
100 mln dlrs of medium term notes and U.S. Commercial paper to
be sold in the U.S. Domestic market.
    Merrill, which will be the dealer for the medium term notes
and commercial paper, said this was the first facility of its
kind.  Sumitomo Trust and Banking Co Ltd has agreed to provide
the letter of credit.
    The letter of credit has a five year term, with an
evergreen feature allowing for extension at the support banks'
option.
    The notes and paper will be issued by IEL's Sydney-based
subsidiary, IEL Finance Ltd.
    The letter of credit will be underwritten by a group of
banks who will be paid a 20 basis point facility fee and a 25
basis point utilisation fee.
    IEL itself is 51 pct owned by Brierley Investments Ltd of
New Zealand, Merrill Lynch said.
 REUTER

[PLACE]:uk
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Spanish farmers demanding a better deal
from the European Community blocked roads and staged protest
rallies this weekend before their leaders announced a truce to
negotiate with the government.
    Spain joined the community at the start of last year and
farmers say they have suffered competition from EC imports
without sufficient compensation.
    Leaders of three of the farmers' organisations announced at
a press conference in Madrid yesterday they were suspending
protests to allow time for negotiations with the government on
their grievances.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:spain
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Apple Computer Inc today will
announce the addition of two new machines to its profitable
Macintosh line of personal computers, both aimed at the
business market.
    The Macintosh was first introduced in January 1984 and has
been upgraded several times since then. Both of the new
machines, the Macintosh SE and the Macintosh II, will be faster
and more versatile, but considerably more expensive than
earlier models.
    The Mac SE (SE stands for "system expansion"), which Apple
says will operate 15-20 pct faster than its current Mac Plus,
goes on sale today. It carries a suggested retail price ranging
from 2,899 to 3,699 dlrs depending on its features.
    The Mac II, designed to run about four times faster than
the Mac Plus, is to be ready for shipping in May and priced
between 4,798 and 6,998 dlrs.
    Mac Plus, which went on the market one year ago, sells for
about 2,200 dlrs.
    Both new computers are to be unveiled at the AppleWorld
Conference in Los Angeles.
    Company officials expressed high hopes for both computers
at a press briefing on Friday, especially the high-performance
Mac II which is designed to give Apple an entree to the
expanding market for science and engineering workstations.
    John Sculley, Apple chairman and chief executive officer,
declined to estimate anticipated sales, but he said the Mac SE
should contribute significantly to Apple's bottom line this
year. He said it would appeal to the mainstream of PC users.
    "I believe the Mac SE will be the product of choice for
most people," he said. "My sense is that it will be a real
power product for revenue."
    Bruce Lupatkin, senior technology analyst with Hambrecht &
Quist in San Francisco, said he had not seen the new computers
but expected the new products to do well.
    "Apple has recognized the need for a convergence of
computer functions into one general all-purpose workstation,"
he told Reuters. "The graphics interface on the Mac products is
significantly better than anything IBM has to date."
    International Business Machines is expected to announce
updated personal computers this spring.
    The Mac II uses the new Motorola 68020 microprocessor, an
"open architecture" that allows for the addition of numerous
peripheral devices, a built-in hard disk and one megabyte of
memory, expandable to eight megabytes. It can be equipped with
a 12-inch monochrome or a 13-inch color monitor.
    In a demonstration of its speed and power, company
executives said they thought the Mac II would push the
development of software for Apple computers in new directions
that could include sophisticated video editing, electronic mail
systems and sound reproduction suitable for studio use.
    The Mac II can be upgraded so that its monitor displays 256
colors or shades of gray.
    The Mac SE is built around the 68000 microprocessor and
will be shipped with one megabyte RAM, expandable to four
megabytes, and a nine-inch monochrome screen.
    Both new computers have two optional keyboards, a new
feature in the Apple line of products.          
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Shr profit six cts vs profit eight cts
    Net profit 102,000 vs profit 151,000
    Revs 4,846,000 vs 5,041,000
    Avg shrs 1,725,744 vs 1,806,323
    12 mths
    Shr loss 1.36 dlrs vs profit 56 cts
    Net loss 2,318,00 vs profit 789,000
    Revs 17.5 mln vs 20.9 mln
    Avg shrs 1,710,655 vs 1,404,878
 Reuter

[PLACE]:
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Semi div 13 cts vs 18 cts prior
    Pay March 13
    Record March Two
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Chase Manhattan Asia Ltd of Hong Kong has
approached Taiwan banks to take part in a syndicated loan of
300 mln U.S. Dlrs to finance a liquefied natural gas (LNG)
project in Indonesia, local banking sources said.
    The project calls for construction of a 400 mln U.S. Dlr
facility which could produce two mln tonnes of LNG for supply
by Taiwan's state-owned Chinese Petroleum Corp .
    This was the first time Taiwanese banks, including the Bank
of Taiwan and Bank of Communications, were invited to form a
syndicated loan, they added.
    Pertamina has initialled a 20-year contract with Chinese
Petroleum Corp <CPC> for the supply of 1.5 mln tonnes of LNG
for Taiwan starting October 1989, a CPC official said.
    CPC is building an LNG receiving terminal in southern
Taiwan city of Kaohsiung at a cost of 820 mln U.S. Dlrs. The
terminal will be completed in mid-1989.
    A Taiwanese banker said"It will be a good idea for our banks
to take part in the loan if we want to start in the
international lending market."
 REUTER

[PLACE]:taiwan, indonesia
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Zapata Corp said it does not intend to
pay the interest due March 15 on its 10-1/4 pct subordinated
debentures due 1997 or the interest due May One on its 10-7/8
pct subordinated debentures due 2001.
    Zapata said the results of continuing discussions with its
bank lenders and the company's future financial position will
determine Zapata's ability to meet its obligations to holders
of the subordinated debentures.
    The company said deferrals of payment obligations and
covenant waivers provided by all of its bank lenders, which
were scheduled to expire February 28, have been extended
through April 30.
    Zapata stopped paying interest on the debentures in April
1986.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:The chairman of the Senate Agriculture
subcommittee on credit said the panel will consider a farm
credit rescue package by Easter even if the system and its
regulator do not ask for help by then.
    "We're going to have a bill to markup, I guarantee you,
before the Easter recess," Sen. David Boren (D-Okla.) said.
    Senate Majority leader Robert Byrd (D-W.Va.) wants
recommendations on farm credit presented by April 11, when
Congress is scheduled to break for Easter, Boren said.
    Boren urged the Farm Credit Administration (FCA), the
system's regulator, to quickly make a formal request for aid.
    Under the 1985 Farm credit law passed by Congress, the FCA,
as regulator, is to certify when the system has exhausted all
its capital and needs federal government help.
    However, FCA chairman Frank Naylor said because much of the
system's remaining capital is tied-up in legal action,
he could not technically certify a rescue is needed this year
and perhaps not even in 1988. The other Republican member of
the three-man FCA board, Marvin Duncan, agreed.
    But Boren urged that even if FCA cannot technically certify
aid is needed, it should request help informally.
    "We all know we need a capital infusion," Boren said.
    Boren and the FCA officials spoke at a hearing on the
plight of the farm credit system. Also at the hearing, Brent
Beesely, chief executive of the Farm Credit Council
representing the system, said that at the end of 1986 the
system had only 1.5 billion dlrs in working capital remaining
after losses of 4.6 billion dlrs over the last two years.
    While he did not ask for government aid, Beesley indicated
the situation is serious in some of the 12 system districts.
    "A significant number of banks and associations in the most
economically depressed areas have and will continue to suffer
extraordinary losses," Beesley said.
    Jim Billington, Democratic member of the FCA board, said
the troubles of the system have encouraged the flight of some
one billion dlrs per month from the system as borrowers repay
loans.
    The system's total portfolio shrank to 54.6 billion dlrs by
the end of last year from 66.6 billion the previous year.
    FCA board members said both borrowers and holders of bonds
in the system need to be assured their money is safe. Naylor
suggested the need for a federal assurance to bondholders.
    "The bondholders have no worry at this time," Billington
said.
    Naylor said several proposals for revamping the farm credit
system are circulating. The proposals range from consolidation
of the system into a centralized national lender, to
de-centralizing into semi-independent institutions.
    But He and the system spokesman Beesley were cautious about
proposals for a secondary market on farm loans. Those
proposals would package farm loans for resale to investors.
    Naylor and Beesley said a secondary market set-up outside
the farm credit system would hurt the system. But Beesley said
a secondary market with the farm credit system as its agent
could be developed without Congressional legislation.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Security Pacific Corp said it
completed its planned merger with Diablo Bank following the
approval of the comptroller of the currency.
    Security Pacific announced its intention to merge with
Diablo Bank, headquartered in Danville, Calif., in September
1986 as part of its plan to expand its retail network in
Northern California.
    Diablo has a bank offices in Danville, San Ramon and Alamo,
Calif., Security Pacific also said.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:<SDC Sydney
Development Corp>, earlier reporting an increased nine month
operating loss, said a cost control review now underway may
result in cost reduction and elimination of unprofitable and
non-strategic products and services.
    The company's operating loss for the nine months ended
December 31, 1986 increased to 7.7 mln dlrs from a loss of 1.7
mln dlrs in the prior year, it said earlier.
    Revenues increased by 20 pct to 11.8 mln dlrs from
year-earlier 9.8 mln dlrs.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:canada
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Daimler-Benz AG [DAIG.F] said its car
production could fall by 150 cars a day in  the foreseeable
future  if works councils continue to refuse to approve the
firm's requests for employees to work overtime when necessary.
    A company spokesman said the works council at Daimler's
Unterturkheim plant, which makes axles and other components for
Daimler cars, has withheld approval for overtime since the
beginning of the month. The IG Metall metalworkers union in the
state of Baden-Wuerttemberg has called on works councils in the
state to reject overtime in a bid to get industry to employ
more workers.
    The Daimler spokesman said the lack of overtime work at the
Unterturkheim plant could eventually affect car output at other
plants but added he was unable to say when this might occur.
    A spokesman for Dr.-Ing. H.C. F. Porsche AG [PSHG.F], which
is also located in Baden-Wuerttemberg, said he did not think
Porsche would suffer any loss of production because of a ban on
overtime by its own works councils.
    A strike by IG Metall in Baden-Wuerttemberg in 1984 closed
down the German car industry for about seven weeks as the union
sought to win a 35-hour working week for its members. It later
settled for a reduction in the working week to 38.5 hours.
    The spokesman said Daimler's total output of cars was
currently around 2,500 a day.
 REUTER

[PLACE]:west-germany
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Bangladesh will receive a grant equivalent
to 47 mln U.S. Dlrs from the Netherlands during 1987 under an
agreement signed here Saturday, officials said.
    This raised the amount of Dutch grants to Bangladesh to 759
mln dlrs since 1972, used mainly for commodity imports and
implementing development projects, they said.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:bangladesh, netherlands
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:UtiliCorp United Inc said it
has closed the previously announced acquisition of West
Virginia Power from Dominion Resources Inc for about 21 mln
dlrs.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Cambridge Medical Technology
corp said it has signed a letter of intent with Panbaxy
Laboratories to jointly make a new AIDS test.
    The company said it will have the exclusive right to market
the product worldwide.  The new test will be used to detect
specific viral antigens in serum and whole blood samples.
    It said it hopes to design a simplified test for home use.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Shr loss six cts vs not available
    Net loss 562,231 vs profit 10,253
    Revs 8,871,874 vs 9,549,308
    Year
    Shr loss 60 cts vs loss nine cts
    Net loss 5,058,145 vs loss 766,185
    Revs 34.3 mln vs 35.5 mln
   
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:<Siemens AG's> U.S. subsidiary,
Siemens Public Switching Systems Inc said two existing plants
have been selected to allow immediate start up of manufacturing
on an interim basis of EWSD digital central office switching
systems in the U.S.
    The company said the two facilities, one in Cherry Hill,
N.J., the other in Hauppauge, N.Y., will be used while a
rigorous review process for selecting a facility devoted only
to EWSD manufacturing continues.
    Siemens Public is part of Siemens Communication Systems
Inc, also headquartered in Boca Raton.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Parent Company net profit 12.8 mln Swiss francs vs 7.5 mln.
    Orders received 2.21 billion francs vs 2.61 billion.
    Sales 2.25 billion francs vs 2.49 billion.
    Group sales 13.83 billion francs vs 13.88 billion.
    Group orders 11.03 billion francs vs 13.00 billion.
 REUTE

[PLACE]:switzerland
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:A group of affiliated New York
investment firms said they lowered their stake in Cyclops Corp
to 260,500 shares, or 6.4 pct of the total outstanding common
stock, from 370,500 shares, or 9.2 pct.
    In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
the group, led by Mutual Shares Corp, said it sold 110,000
Cyclops common shares on Feb 17 and 19 for 10.0 mln dlrs.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Qtr ended Jan 31
    Shr 33 cts vs 29 cts
    Net 14.8 mln vs 11 mln
    Revs 108.6 mln vs 70.0 mln
    Avg shrs 45.2 mln vs 37.6 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 88 cts vs 76 cts
    Net 36.7 mln vs 28.7 mln
    Revs 260.4 mln vs 193.0 mln
    Avg shrs 41.9 mln vs 37.8 mln
    Note: Net for nine mths includes gains from dispositions of
1,783,000 dlrs or four cts a share vs 900,000 dlrs or two cts a
share.
    Avg shrs and shr data restated to reflect three-for-two
stock split in January.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Saab-Scania AB is issuing a 150 mln dlr
eurobond due April 2, 1992 paying 7-3/4 pct and priced at
101-3/4 pct, lead manager Morgan Guaranty Ltd said.
    The bond is available in denominations of 5,000 and 50,000
dlrs and will be listed in London. Payment date is April 2,
1992.
    Fees comprise 1-1/4 pct selling concession and 5/8 pct
management and underwriting combined, and listing will be in
London.
 REUTER

[PLACE]:uk
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Versatile Corp's shipbuilding subsidiary
has a letter of intent to build a 320 mln dlr polar icebreaker
for the Canadian coast guard, Transport Minister John Crosbie
said.
    In a Vancouver address, Crosbie said Versatile Pacific
Shipyards Inc was the low bidder to build the Arctic Class 8
icebreaker, but the company must meet certain financial and
engineering conditions before the contract is awarded.
    The government also announced it will provide up to 13 mln
dlrs in loan insurance to help Versatile prepare for the
construction of the vessel.
said before the contract can be awarded Versatile "will be
required to offer assurances that the shipyard is technically
and financially capable of performing the work."
    Crosibie said Versatile's bid was 100 mln dlrs lower than
competing bidders and will generate 1,000 person years of
direct employment.
    Work on the vessel, which Crosbie said would be the most
powerful icebreaker in the world, would begin next year and
completed in 1992.
    The government announced plans to build the icebreaker last
year following the controversial passage of the U.S. Coast
Guard's vessel, the Polar Sea, through the disputed Northwest
Passage. The U.S. government did not seek permission for the
journey, claiming the area was an international water way.
    The government said the icebreaker was needed to back up
the country's claim of sovereignty in the Arctic.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:canada
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Semi-annual div from income of 7.3 cts vs 1.0 cent in prior
period
    Payable March 27
    Record February 27
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:The Central Bank issued 2.14 billion
Taiwan dlrs of certificates of deposit (CD), bringing the total
so far this year to 86.21 billion, a bank official told
Reuters.
    The new CD have maturities of six months and one and two
years and bear interest rates ranging from 3.9 pct to 5.15 pct.
    The issues are aimed at curbing the growth of M-1B money
supply, which is the result of large foreign exchange reserves,
the official said.
 REUTER

[PLACE]:taiwan
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:The Bank of England said it forecast a
shortage of around 350 mln stg in the money market today.
    Among the main factors affecting liquidity, bills maturing
in official hands and the take-up of treasury bills will drain
some 525 mln stg while bankers' balnces below target will take
out around 175 mln stg.
    Partly offsetting these outflows, exchequer transactions
and a fall in note circulation will add some 300 mln stg and 40
mln stg to the system respectively.
 REUTER

[PLACE]:uk
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Esselte Business Systems Inc's
Esselte Meto division said it has acquired the Antonson America
Co, a subsidiary of <Antonson Machines AB>, of Sweden.
    Esselte said the Antonson unit, based in LaPorte, Indiana,
manufactures scales and label printers. The company said the
purchase is part of a plan to increase the range of retail
electronic scales being offered by Esselte in the U.S.
    It said the acquisition will enble Esselte to increase its
distribution base in its effort to grow in the U.S.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa, sweden
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:First Union Corp said it has filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission for a proposed offering
of 100 mln dlrs of fixed rate subordinated notes due 1997.
    The notes will be sold nationwide through underwriters
managed by Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:The U.S. Delegation at the International
Coffee Organization (ICO) talks on export quotas is planning to
leave tomorrow morning, but will ask a representative from the
U.S. Embassy in London to attend the negotiations if they
continue, a U.S. Spokesman said.
    One delegate said: "If the U.S. Delegation is going home and
the Brazilians are not budging, then there's no negotiation."
    A full ICO council meeting is set for 1900 hours local for
a progress report. Opinions among delegates over the potential
for reaching an agreement vary widely and several delegates
have said the chances of success were almost impossible to
gauge.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:<Federal Industries Ltd> said
it introduced a commercial paper program with an authorization
of 440 mln dlrs through agents <Bank of Montreal>, <Dominion
Securities Inc> and Wood Gundy Inc.
    Net proceeds from the sale of notes will be used for
general corporate purposes and will replace existing
outstanding debt, the company said.
    It did not elaborate on financial terms of the issue.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Iraq has secured agreement to defer
outstanding payments on a 500 mln dlr syndicated euroloan
following five months of negotiations with creditor banks.
    Banking sources said the rescheduling is part of Iraq's
continuing effort to defer payments of foreign debt as its
economy comes under strain from the  Gulf War and soft world
oil prices.
    Iraq informed the 37 banks in the loan syndicate last
September it could not meet the remaining four principal
repayments totalling 285 mln dlrs, and missed the first of
these for 71.25 mln due on September 29.
    The 500 mln dlr credit, under the lead management of
Paris-based Union de Banques Arabes et Francaises (UBAF), has a
five-year maturity and a margin of one percentage point over
London Interbank Offered Rates (LIBOR).
    Banking sources said the agreement now worked out goes some
way to meeting creditor bank demands that at least part of the
first missing instalment of 71.25 mln dlrs be paid and not
deferred.
    One quarter or 17.8 mln dlrs will be paid on signature of
the accord, expected in late March, with the remainder in three
more instalments to be made every six months.
    The remaining three principal instalments - originally due
in March 1987, September 1987 and March 1988 - will each be
deferred for two years from the due date, banking sources said.
    The margin for the loan remains unchanged and no penalty
interest is being imposed, the sources added.
    Bank reaction to Iraq's rescheduling request has been one
of resignation, with many bankers seeing little alternative for
Baghdad's economic planners. Iraq is estimated to have foreign
debt of about 50 billion dlrs, although about half is thought
to be in the form of loans from its Gulf Arab allies,
particularly Saudi Arabia and Kuwait.
    The 500 mln dlr credit is in the name of the state-owned
Rafidain Bank. The only other major eurocredit, a 500 mln dlr
deal under the agency of Gulf International Bank, was signed in
October, 1985 and is still in a two year grace period.
    The bulk of Iraq's commercial debt - excluding loans by its
allies in the Gulf War - is in the form of trade financing.
    But Rafidain bank stopped paying debt due on letters of
credit last March and a series of negotiations with banks and
western government export credit agencies has been underway.
Some banks have agreed to a three-year deferrment of
obligations due on letters of credit.
 REUTER

[PLACE]:bahrain, iraq
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Americus Trust for American Home
Products Shares said it extended its deadline for accepting
tendered shares until November 26, an extension of nine months.
    The trust, which will accept up to 7.5 mln shares of
American Home Products <AHP>, said it has already received
tenders for about four mln shares.
    The trust is managed by Alex. Brown and Sons Inc <ABSB> and
was formed November 26, 1986.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Howen Owners Federal Savings and Loan
Association said its stockholders have approved an amendment to
its charter increasing the number of authorized common to 32
mln shares from eight mln and the number of authorized
preferred shares to eight mln from two mln.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Talks on the possibility of reintroducing
global coffee export quotas have been extended into today, with
sparks flying yesterday when a dissident group of exporters was
not included in a key negotiating forum.
    The special meeting of the International Coffee
Organization (ICO) council was called to find a way to stop a
prolonged slide in coffee prices.
    However, delegates said no solution to the question of how
to implement quotas was yet in sight.
    World coffee export quotas -- the major device used to
regulate coffee prices under the International Coffee Agreement
-- were suspended a year ago when prices soared in reaction to
a drought which cut Brazil"s output by nearly two thirds.
    Brazil is the world"s largest coffee producer and exporter.
    Producers and consumers now are facing off over the
question of how quotas should be calculated under any future
quota distribution scheme, delegates said.
    Tempers flared late Saturday when a minority group of eight
producing countries was not represented in a contact group of
five producer and five consumer delegates plus alternates which
was set up to facilitate debate.
    The big producers "want to have the ball only in their court
and it isn"t fair," minority producer spokesman Luis Escalante of
Costa Rica said.
    The majority producer group has proposed resuming quotas
April 1, using the previous ad hoc method of carving up quota
shares, with a promise to try to negotiate basic quotas before
September 30, delegates said.
    Their plan would perpetuate the status quo, allowing Brazil
to retain almost all of its current 30 pct share of the export
market, Colombia 17 pct, Ivory Coast seven pct and Indonesia
six pct, with the rest divided among smaller exporters.
    But consuming countries and the dissident producer group
have tabled separate proposals requiring quotas be determined
by availability, using a formula incorporating exportable
production and stocks statistics.
    Their proposals would give Brazil a smaller quota share and
Colombia and Indonesia a larger share, and bring a new quota
distribution scheme into effect now rather than later.
    Brazil has so far been unwilling to accept any proposal
that would reduce its quota share, delegates said.
    Delegates would not speculate on prospects for agreement on
a quota package. "Anything is possible at this phase," even
adjournment of the meeting until March or April, one said.
    If the ICO does agree on quotas, the price of coffee on the
supermarket shelf is not likely to change sinnificantly as a
result, industry sources said.
    Retail coffee prices over the past year have remained about
steady even though coffee market prices have tumbled, so an
upswing probably will not be passed onto the consumer either,
they said.
 REUTER

[PLACE]:uk, colombia
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Shr profit 10 cts vs loss seven cts
    Net profit 286,870 vs loss 156,124
    Revs 10.0 mln vs 7,577,207
    Year
    Shr profit five cts vs profit 42 cts
    Net profit 160,109 vs profit 906,034
    Revs 38.1 mln vs 31.2 mln
    Avg shrs 2.9 mln vs 2.2 mln
    NOTE: 1986 year includes 53 weeks.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Tesco Plc <TSCO.L> is issuing a 100 mln
stg convertible eurobond due February 20, 2002 paying an
indicated coupon of four to 4-1/4 pct and priced at par, lead
manager Credit Suisse First Boston Ltd said.
    The issue is callable after 90 days at 106 pct declining by
one pct per annum to par thereafter. It is not callable until
1992 unless the share price exceeds 130 pct of the conversion
price. Final terms will be set on, or before, March 9.
    The deal has an investor put option after five years, which
will be priced to give the investor an annual yield to the put
of 8-3/4 to nine pct.
    The selling concession is 1-1/2 pct while management and
underwriting each pay 1/2 pct. The payment date is March 25 and
there will be a short first coupon period.
    The issue is available in denominations of 1,000 and 5,000
stg and will be listed in London.
 REUTER

[PLACE]:uk
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Shares of Temple Inland Inc <TIN> and
International Paper Co <IP> rose sharply this morning following
a recommendation by Prudential Bache Securities, traders said.
    Temple Inland jumped 2-7/8 to 73 and International Paper 
1-1/4 to 91-1/4.
    Prudential Bache analyst Mark Rogers was not available for
comment. Traders said he raised his recommendation of Temple
Inland to a "buy" to support his earnings outlook of 5.85 dlrs
a share in 1987 and nine dlrs a share in 1988. The company
earned 3.30 dlrs a share in 1986.
    Traders also said that Rogers reiterated a recommendation
of International Paper, another forest products company that
scored large gains in January as the dollar floundered. Rogers
expects the company to earn 7.50 dlrs a share in 1987 and 10
dlrs a share in 1988. Last year the company earned 5.28 dlrs a
share.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Singapore's Finance Minister Richard
Hu is expected to announce a neutral budget tomorrow with no
major tax changes for the 1987/88 year starting April 1,
bankers and economists told Reuters.
    They said with real growth at an estimated 1.9 pct in
calendar 1986, indicating signs of recovery from the 1.7 pct
shrinkage in 1985, the government was likely to hold its course
and wait for measures introduced in last year's budget to work.
    Last March Hu cut corporation tax to 33 pct from 40 pct,
and income tax was reduced by the same margin.
    Last year the government also reduced wage costs by
introducing a wage freeze and cutting employer contributions to
the mandatory state savings scheme, the Central Provident Fund
(CPF), to 15 pct of salaries from 25 pct.
    "I don't foresee any new or additional stimulus because the
economy is now improving," said Clemente Escano, vice president
of the Union Bank of Switzerland.
    The government's economic report for calendar 1986, issued
last week, said the CPF reduction and other cost-cutting
measures only started to bite in the third quarter of 1986.
    But the report said over half the economy -- especially the
commerce, financial, and business services sectors -- continued
to be depressed by weakness in the surrounding regional
economies and an excess of domestic property.
    The sources said the fragility of the economic recovery
suggested the government would not introduce much of its
planned consumption tax in the coming financial year.
    In last year's budget Hu said he planned to set up
collecting machinery for the tax. Economists said a campaign
against smoking this year might be the opportunity for him to
levy the tax on tobacco as a first step towards its wider use.
    The sources said the government does not look likely to
raise more revenue in this year's budget.
    Last year's budget projected a 3.22 billion dlr budget
deficit for fiscal 1986/87, but the economic report projected
an overall calendar 1986 surplus of three billion.
    Lower tax revenue was balanced by rising investment income
and stringent controls on government operating expenditure,
helped by the wage-freeze policy.
    Anthony K.P. Lee, vice-president and deputy general manager
of American Express Bank Ltd, said he expected nothing exciting
from this year's budget.
    Lee said, "It will probably be a non-event as most of the
tax benefits were given last year. The economy has already
started moving so it does not need government support."
    Last week's economic report attributed the one pct decline
in domestic demand last year mainly to a sharp decline in
private construction, so this sector hopes for some relief from
the budget, economists said.
    The economic report said the sector's activity declined by
25.3 pct in calendar 1986 after a 13.9 pct contraction in 1985.
A further decline is expected in 1987.
    But in last year's budget a 30 pct rebate on tax for
industrial and commercial properties was raised to 50 pct until
the end of 1988, so the most Hu is likely to do is add
incentives for creating property investment unit trusts.
    The only measures known to be in tomorrow's budget are
incentives to encourage population growth, including incentives
to families who have three children.
    Deputy Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong has already announced
the government will try to encourage three-child families,
instead of the two-child families it encourages now.
 REUTER

[PLACE]:singapore
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Union National Corp said it
signed a definitive agreement under which its First National
Bank and Trust Co of Washington unit will merge with <Second
National Bank of Masontown>.
    Under a previously announced merger agreement, each share
of Second National's common stock will be converted into 25
shares of Union National common.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Shr profit two cts vs loss 12 cts
    Net profit 156,726 vs loss 776,000
    Revs 1,157,883 vs 890,138
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:The sharp decline in soybean crush ratios
seen in the last few weeks, accelerating in recent days, has
pushed margins below the cost of production at most soybean
processing plants and prompted many to cut output of soybean
meal and oil.
    The weekly U.S. soybean crush rate was reported by the
National Soybean Processors Association this afternoon at 21.78
mln bushels, down from the 22 mln bushel plus rate seen over
the past two months when crush margins surged to the best
levels seen in over a year.
    Active soymeal export loadings at the Gulf had pushed
soybean futures and premiums higher, prompting a pick-up in the
weekly crush number.
    However, much of that export demand seems to have been met,
with most foreign meal users now waiting for the expected surge
in shipments of new crop South American soymeal over the next
few months.
    U.S. processors are now finding domestic livestock feed
demand is very light for this time of year due to the milder
than normal winter, so they steadily dropped offering prices in
an attempt to find buying interest, soyproduct dealers said.
    Soybean meal futures have also steadily declined in recent
weeks, setting a new contract low of 139.70 dlrs per ton in the
nearby March contract today.
    "Many speculators down here bought March soymeal and sold
May, looking for no deliveries (on first notice day tomorrow,
which would cause March to gain on deferreds)," one CBT crush
trader said.
    "But they've been bailing out this week because the March
has been acting like there will be a lot delivered, if not
tomorrow, then later in the month," he added.
    As a result of the weakness in soymeal, the March crush
ratio (The value of soyproducts less the cost of the soybeans)
fell from the mid 30s earlier this month to 22.6 cents per
bushel today, dropping over five cents in just the last two
days.
    The May crush ended today just over 17 cents, so no
processors will want to lock in a ratio at that unprofitable
level, the trader said. Hopefully, they will now start to cut
back production to get supplies in line with demand, he added.
    With futures down, processors are finding they must bid
premiums for cash soybeans, further reducing crush margins.
    A central Illinois processor is only making about 30 cents
for every bushel of soybeans crushed at current prices, down
sharply from levels just seen just a few weeks ago and below
the average cost of production, cash dealers said.
    Most soybean processing plants are still in operation, with
little talk of taking temporary down-time, so far. But
processors will start halting production in the next few weeks
it they continue to face unprofitable margins, they added.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Trading in the shares of three of the
Cheung Kong group of companies will be suspended for two days
at the request of the companies, the Stock Exchange of Hong
Kong said.
    The three are Cheung Kong (Holdings) Ltd <CKGH.HK>,
Hongkong Electric Holdings Ltd <HKEH.HK> and Hutchison Whampoa
Ltd <HWHH.HK>.
    They will announce their 1986 results later today, with
market speculation of a major reorganisation within the group.
Cheung Kong rose 75 cents to 45.25 dlrs on Friday, Hk Electric
60 to 16.00 and Hutchison 1.50 dlrs to 54.50.
 REUTER

[PLACE]:hong-kong
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Oper shr eight cts vs five cts
    Oper net 164,000 vs 116,000
    Sales 8,059,000 vs 7,148,000
    Year
    Oper shr 67 cts vs 19 cts
    Oper net 1,492,0000 vs 433,000
    Sales 30.9 mln vs 24.8 mln
    NOTE: Net excludes discontinued operations losses 768,000
dlrs vs 40,000 dlrs in quarter and loss 700,000 dlrs vs gain
307,000 dlrs in year.
    1985 year net excludes gain 482,000 dlrs from change in
accounting for investment tax credits.
    Share adjusted for August 1986 100 pct stock dividend.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:The Federal Reserve entered the U.S.
Government securities market to arrange 1.5 billion dlrs of
customer repurchase agreements, a Fed spokesman said.
    Dealers said Federal funds were trading at 6-3/16 pct when
the Fed began its temporary and indirect supply of reserves to
the banking system.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:American Motors Corp said it will take
steps to build a proposed new jeep vehicle at an unspecified
"alternative location" after the weekend breakdown of talks
with the United Automobile Workers union on a concessionary
contract covering workers at AMC's Wisconsin operations.
    AMC spokesman Lloyd Northard told Reuters that the company
will not build its new Jeep ZJ sports utility vehicle at its
Kenosha, Wisc., assembly plant as a result of the talks'
failure.
    "We sincerely regret this outcome, but the responsibility
for it rests entirely with the local union bargaining
committees," the company said in a statement.
    "We will, therefore, initiate the actions necessary to
place the new Jeep product in an alternative location rather
than at Kenosha."
    UAW officials said during the weekend they did not regard
the collapse of talks as final after the company's "final"
proposal on a new contract was unanimously rejected by union
bargainers.
    But AMC said the union's rejection of its concessions
package means that plants in Kenosha and Milwaukee will lose
6,500 jobs because the assembly complex in Kenosha "will not be
getting new work" as had been proposed with a new contract.
    "This unfortunate outcome demonstrates the difficulty of
maintaining existing working and bringing new work to existing
U.S. operations," AMC said.
    Asked if the company considered the decision to phase out
the Kenosa plant by 1989 as previously detailed to be final,
Northard said: "If the union came to us and said they would
accept our final proposal, that's another matter."
    But the company charged bargainers for UAW Locals 72 and 75
had reneged on commitments for a new agreement with lower labor
rates made in 1985 when the union locals negotiated a
concessionary agreement covering AMC's Wisconsin operations.
    AMC, which last week reported its first profitable quarter
in two years, said it wanted a contract for the plants with
labor rates and work rules comparable to agreements between the
UAW and Japanese automakers operating in the U.S.
    Wall Street investors reacted to the AMC-UAW impasse by
driving down AMC's stock price. In active trading, AMC was off
3/8 to 3-1/2, a 9.7 pct decline since Friday's close.
   
 Reuter

[PLACE]:
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:The Association of International Bond
Dealers, AIBD, said it will cooperate with major clearing
agencies Cedel and Euroclear on a eurobond trade confirmation
and matching system to come into force by September this year.
    The system, designed to give market participants a fast and
reliable way of checking whether transactions are matched, will
initially cover reporting of confirmed and mismatched trades.
    It will include recording additional trade data, checking,
comparison and matching any new elements but will only apply
initially to delivery against payment transactions, AIBD said.
    The AIBD said in a statement it would be responsible for
developing suitable rules to back up the two clearing systems
when they introduce their new matching matching facilities and
confirmation systems by September this year.
    Euroclear and Cedel intend to bring a "trade date-plus-one"
matching capacity, reporting on a given day on trades entered
by 1000 London time, designed to work with a planned AIBD rule
requiring the entry of previous day's trades by that time.
    The confirmation system covering critical trade data is
designed to aid the trader and the settlements department and
also reduce trading risks in volatile markets, AIBD said.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Reporting members of the National
Soybean Processors Association (NSPA) crushed 21,782,929
bushels of soybeans in the week ended Feb 25 compared with
22,345,718 bushels in the previous week and 16,568,000 in the
year-ago week, the association said.
    It said total crushing capacity for members was 25,873,904
bushels vs 25,873,904 last week and 25,459,238 bushels last
year.
    NSPA also said U.S. soybean meal exports in the week were
117,866 tonnes vs 121,168 tonnes a week ago and compared with
84,250 tonnes in the year-ago week.
    NSPA said the figures include only NSPA member firms.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:A group of Republican governors and
members of Congress said they intended to explore expanding the
conservation reserve program by up to 20 mln acres.
    Under current law, between 40 and 45 mln acres of erodible
land must be enrolled in the program by the end of fiscal 1990.
    The Republican Task Force on Farm and Rural America, headed
by Senate Majority Leader Robert Dole (Kan.), said they would
consider drafting legislation to increase the reserve by
between 15 and 20 mln acres.
    Sen. Charles Grassley (R-Iowa) told Reuters he would offer
a bill to expand the reserve to 67 mln acres.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:The Philippines will offer commercial
bank creditors an innovative pricing plan that will make debt
payments through certificates of indebtedness instead of cash,
the authoritative Business Day newspaper said.
    Finance Secretary Jaime Ongpin told reporters Saturday that
the alternative proposal is designed to avoid an impasse when
debt rescheduling talks reopen in New York on Tuesday.
    He did not give details but said, "It is a very useful
alternative and in the end will permit the banks to say that
they achieved their pricing target and will likewise permit the
Philippines to say exactly the same thing."
    Quoting negotiation documents to be presented to the
country's 12-bank advisory committee, Business Day said the
debt certificates will carry maturities of five or six years.
    It said the certificates will be classified as zero-coupon
bonds or promissory notes with no interest but priced at a
considerable discount from their redemption price.
    It said the debt bonds will entitle holder banks to a
guaranteed return on both interest and principal since no
payment of any kind is made until the bond matures.
    It said a bank can sell the bonds on the secondary bond
market for either dlrs or pesos depending on its requirement.
    The peso proceeds can be invested in selected industries
under the Philippines' debt/equity program. Ongpin said Manila
is sticking to its demand of a spread of 5/8 percentage points
over London interbank offered Rates (LIBOR) for restructuring
3.6 billion dlrs of debt repayments.
    "(The proposal) will give the banks a choice of 5/8ths or
the alternative," Ongpin said. "Our representatives have gone
to Washington to the (International Monetary) Fund, the (World)
Bank, the Fed (Federal Reserve Board) and the (U.S.) Treasury
to brief them in advance on this alternative and it has
generally been positively received."
    "We don't believe that there is going to be a problem on
the accounting side," Ongpin said. "We have run this
alternative proposal to the accounting firms. Neither have the
government regulators indicated that there will be a problem."
 Reuter

[PLACE]:philippines
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:McDonnell Douglas Corp said Korean
Air signed formal orders for four MD-11 jets with options to
buy four more.
    The company said if the options are exercised, the purchase
will total about one billion dlrs.
    McDonnell Douglas said on December 30 that Korean Air was
among the initial 12 customers that placed orders and options
for 92 aircraft valued at about nine billion dlrs.
    Delivery of the first MD-11 is scheduled for the summer of
1990.
   
    Korean Airlines currently operates four McDonnell Douglas
DC-10 jets. In 1985, it ordered six MD-82s valued at about 150
mln dlrs. Four of these are in service and two will be
delivered this year.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:south-korea, usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:The United Auto Workers said it is
willing to enter renewed negotiations to end the impasse
between American Motors Corp and two UAW locals in Wisconsin.
    American Motors earlier said it broke off talks with the
UAW on a new labor contract for its plant at Kenosha, Wis. The
company's move came after its latest contract offer was
rejected by union negotiators.
    UAW vice president Marc Stepp said he "strongly recommends"
new meetings be scheduled "at the earliest possible time."
Stepp heads the UAW's American Motors department.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:U.S. trade representative Clayton
Yeutter today said that if the European Community's Council of
Ministers approves a tax on vegetable oils and fats, another
major transatlantic trade row will erupt over agriculture.
    In a statement issued by the trade representative's office
following a speech to the American Soybean Association's board
of directors, Yeutter said the proposed tax would have a severe
impact on American soybean farmers, who export some 2.4 billion
dlrs in soybeans and products annually to the EC.
    "This is an unacceptable situation for us and its
(vegetable oils tax) enactment would leave us no choice but to
vigorously protect our trade rights and defend our access to
the European market," Yeutter said.
    Yeutter said the proposed vegetable oils tax would violate
EC obligations under the GATT.
    He said the effect of the tax would be to double the price
of soyoil produced from imported soybeans, making margarine
made from soyoil more expensive than tallow-based margarine,
and closer in price to expensive European butter.
    "I am astonished that the EC commission would propose such
a provocative measure so soon after we successfully resolved
the agricultural dispute over the enlargement of the EC to
include Spain and Portugal," Yeutter said.
    "It serves no purpose to embark on another confrontational
course before the recent wounds have healed and as we are
beginning to make progress on the Uruaguay round (of global
trade talks)," he said.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa, spain, portugal
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Monetary and credit growth rates in
New Zealand are not expected to continue at current levels
following the Reserve Bank's move to tighten liquidity late
last year, Reserve Bank Governor Spencer Russell said.
    The monetary and credit growth figures for the December
quarter were probably artifically inflated by unusually high
growth in inter-institutional lending activity on the short
term money market, Russell said in a statement.
    The bank moved to tighten liquidity when the initial signs
of the recent expansion became apparent in September and
October last year, Russell said.
    Broadly defined M-3 figures released today showed growth of
17.8 pct in the year ended December compared with 13.1 pct in
the year ended September.
    Annual growth of private sector credit in calendar 1986 was
30.7 pct compared with 16.5 pct in the September year.
    "Available evidence suggests that corporate customers,
including non-bank financial institutions, have been exploiting
differences between interest rates on overdrafts with trading
banks and rates in the call market," Russell said.
 REUTER

[PLACE]:new-zealand
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Shr loss eight cts vs loss three cts
    Net loss 213,000 vs loss 49,000
    Revs 636,000 vs 445,0000
    Year
    Shr loss 11 cts vs loss 38 cts
    Net loss 235,000 vs loss 611,0000
    Revs 2,389,000 vs 1,287,000
              
 Reuter

[PLACE]:
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:French operators last Friday requested
licences to export 10,500 tonnes of free market maize, 11,950
tonnes of free market barley and 13,000 of soft wheat flour to
non-EC countries, at prefixed daily (droit commun) rebates,
French trade sources said.
    The latest requests for the maize were for export to
Switzerland, Austria and Lichtenstein at a maximum daily rebate
prefixed last Friday at 141 Ecus a tonne against a previous 20
Ecu daily rebate.
    The special daily rebate for maize was set in the context
of a Commission commitment to grant this season rebates for the
export of 500,000 tonnes of French maize to non-EC countries,
in compensation for concessions to the U.S. in the recent
dispute over grain sales to Spain.
    If the latest French requests are accepted as expected,
this will bring the total of French maize exported in this
context to 25,500 tonnes.
    The Commission last Thursday granted weekly rebates for the
sale of 15,000 tonnes of free market maize to non-EC countries.
    Requests for barley were for export to Switzerland, Austria
and Lichtenstein, Ceuta and Melilla at an unchanged pre-fixed
restitution of 125 Ecus a tonne, while requests for soft wheat
flour were for export to various non-EC countries at an
unchanged 178 Ecus a tonne.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:france, switzerland, austria, liechtenstein, usa, spain
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:A former stock broker and an investor
who pleaded guilty last June to insider trading as a
participant in the scheme that involved lawyer Michael David
were sentenced by the Manhattan federal court today.
    Morton Shapiro, who was employed as a broker at Moseley
Hallgarten Stabrook and Weeden Inc, drew a two month jail
sentence and a 25,000 dlr fine.
    Daniel J. Silverman, who pleaded guilty to securities
fraud, was sentenced to three years probation, a 25,000 dlr
fine, and ordered to provide 250 hours of community service.
    As a result of trading on information supplied by David,
while he was at the firm of Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton and
Garrison, the defendants gained about 160,000 dlrs in their
insider trading scheme, according to U.S. Attorney Rudolph W.
Giuliani.
    The prosecutor also said Shapiro attempted to conceal his
unlawful trading by lying in testimony before the Securities
and Exchange Commission.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Ford Motor Co said its Ford Motor
Credit Co on April One will redeem 4.0 mln dlrs of its 8.70 pct
debentures due April 1, 1999.
    It said the debentures are redeemable at a price of 100 pct
of the principal. Because April 1, 1987 is an interest payment
date on the debentures, no accrued interest will be payable on
the redemption date as part of the redemption proceeds.
    Debentures will be selected for redemption on a pro rata
basis, Ford said.

 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:North American Group Ltd's North
American Acquisition Corp said it has a definitive agreement to
buy 100 pct of Pioneer Business Group Inc of Atlanta.
    Terms of the acquisition were not disclosed. Closing of the
acquisition is scheduled for April.
    North American Acquisition said the agreement is subject to
due diligence and a satisfactory review of Pioneer's operation.
Pioneer makes business forms.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Mobil Corp <MOB.N> of the U.S. Plans to
open an office in Peking to develop oil exploration
opportunities in China, the China Daily said.
    It quoted Mobil president Richard Tucker, currently in
Peking, as saying he is optimistic about investment prospects
in China and that Peking will continue to encourage foreign
private businesses to invest here.
    It said Mobil bought 73 mln dlrs of crude oil and oil
products from China in 1986 and sold it lubricant and
fertiliser, but gave no more details.
 REUTER

[PLACE]:china
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:<Parlux Fragrances Inc> said it
completed the offering of 420,000 unis at 10 dlrs each through
underwriters R.C. Stamm and Co and Rosenkrantz Lyon and Ross
Inc.
    Each unit consists of two shares of common stock and one
redeemable warrant, which entitles the holder to buy an
additional common share for six dlrs between Feb 26, 1988 and
Feb 26, 1992.
    The company creates and markets fragrances and beauty
products, including the "Anne Klein" line, through department
and specialty stores.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Argentina's chief debt negotiator
said he was confident of a prompt accord with international
creditor banks for rescheduling the country's foreign debt.
    "I'm quite optimistic about carrying out a serious and
quick negotiation," Treasury Secretary Mario Brodersohn said on
return from talks in New York with leading U.S. and world
financial officials.
    Argentina is currently negotiating terms with the steering
committee for its creditor banks that will allow it to meet
four pct economic growth targets in 1987. It has also asked for
a reduction in interest rates and fresh credit.
    Brodersohn said the growth targets were not negotiable, but
Argentina did not want to follow Brazil in suspending payments
on its foreign debt.
    He said Argentina was seeking 2.15 billion dlrs credit to
meet the targets, adding that the banks' attitude had improved
following Brazil's decision.
    The United States and a group of other industrial nations
on Thursday granted Argentina a 500 mln dlr bridge loan.
    Brodersohn held talks in New York with U.S. Treasury
Secretary James Baker, Federal Reserve chief Paul Volcker and
International Monetary Fund (IMF) head Michel Camdessus.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:argentina, usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Pakistan will retender for 6,000 tonnes
of refined bleached deodorised palm oil for second half March
shipment tomorrow, after failing to take up offers today, palm
oil traders said.
 REUTER

[PLACE]:uk, pakistan
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Japanese investor interest in British
gilt-edged securities is growing rapidly due to expectations
sterling will remain stable despite the drop in oil prices, and
on calculations gilt prices will firm, bond managers said.
    Japanese, British and U.S. Securities houses have been
expanding inventories of gilts to meet demand from investors
seeking capital gains, including city and trust banks, which
have been active on the U.S. Treasury market, they said.
    Dealing demand for gilts with coupons around 10 pct has
been getting stronger, the general manager of the local office
of a British securities firm said.
    On the other hand, major long-term investors such as
Japanese insurance companies are not very enthusiastic about
buying British securities ahead of the March 31 close of the
Japanese financial year, traders said.
    These investors, who must convert yen into sterling through
dollars for British securities purchases, appear to be buying
in London rather than in Tokyo, a bond manager for a British
securities house said.
    The sterling/yen rate was about 240.34/44 today, up from
234.50 at the start of the calendar year and a narrow range of
230 to 234 late last year.
    Many bond traders in Tokyo are doubtful that sterling will
further appreciate steeply. However, gilts may benefit from
further declines in U.K. Interest rates, they said.
    "The U.K. Government is in no hurry to issue more bonds,
suggesting further market improvement and continuing demand
from brokers here," said Laurie Milbank and Co assistant manager
Machiko Suzuki.
    She said she expected the yield on the actively traded
11-3/4 pct gilt due March 2007 to dip below 9.5 pct, against
9.581 pct at yesterday's close in London.
 REUTER

[PLACE]:japan, uk, usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Western Union said John
Pope Jr has been elected president of the telegraph company and
executive vice president of the corporation.
    Western Union said Pope, formerly the executive vice
president of the company, succeeds Robert Leventhal.
    The company said Leventhal will remain chairman and chief
executive officer of the corporation and company, the prinipal
subsidiary of Western Union Corp.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Brazil is not happy with the existing
structure of the 14-bank advisory committee which coordinates
its commercial bank debt, Finance Minister Dilson Funaro said.
    U.S. Banks have 50 pct representation on the committee
while holding only 35 pct of Brazil's debt to banks, he said,
adding "This is not fair with the European and Japanese banks."
The committee had played a useful role in 1982 and 1983,
however.
    Noting the often different reactions of U.S., Japanese and
European banks, Funaro told journalists that Brazil might adopt
an approach involving separate discussions with the regions.
    Since debtor nations' problems were normally treated on a
case-by-case basis, "Perhaps the same principle should apply to
creditors," central bank president Francisco Gros said.
    Brazil on February 20 suspended indefinitely interest
payments on 68 billion dlrs owed to commercial banks, followed
last week by a freeze on bank and trade credit lines deposited
by foreign banks and institutions, worth some 15 billion dlrs.
    Funaro and Gros spent two days at the end of last week in
Washington talking to government officials and international
agencies and will this week visit Britain, France, West
Germany, Switzerland and Italy for discussions with
governments.
    Funaro and Gros are today meeting British Chancellor of the
Exchequer Nigel Lawson, Foreign Secretary Geoffrey Howe and
Governor of the Bank of England Robin Leigh-Pemberton.
    Bankers have estimated that Brazil owes U.K. Banks around
8.5 billion dlrs in long and medium term loans, giving the U.K.
The third largest exposure after the U.S. And Japan.
    The crisis began when Brazil's trade surplus, its chief
means of servicing its foreign debt, started to decline sharply
and the problem was compounded by a renewed surge in the
country'rate of inflation.  Reserves were reported to have
dropped below four billion dlrs.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:uk, brazil, usa, japan, uk, france, west-germany, switzerland, italy
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:JWT Group Inc has not been approached
by former Ted Bates Worldwide Chairman Robert Jacoby about the
possibility of a syndicate buying a 35 pct stake in JWT Group
on a friendly basis, a company spokesman said.
    He said JWT would have no comment on an Advertising Age
report that Jacoby is considering heading up a venture capital
syndicate to purchase a 35 pct stake in JWT group.
    Jacoby was not immediately available for comment on the
report. Ted Bates is now owned by <Saatchi and Saatchi>, the
world's largest advertising agency.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Co, a
unit of R.J.R. Nabisco Inc <RJR>, said it has formed an
executive management committee to oversee the company's
worldwide tobacco operations.
    Reynolds Tobacco said the committee's members will be
senior managers of Reynolds Tobacco Co, R.J. Reynolds Tobacco
USA, and R.J. Reynolds International Inc.
    R.J.R. Nabisco is reportedly attempting to form a master
limited partnership out of its tobacco unit, part of which will
be sold to the public.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:The U.S. Agriculture Department
probably will not offer a two dlr per bushel bonus payment to
corn farmers for any erodible cropland they enrolled in the
conservation reserve program last year, an aide to USDA
Secretary Richard Lyng said.
    Sen. Charles Grassley (R-Iowa) said yesterday that Lyng had
indicated he would consider giving those farmers the same two
dlr bonus offered corn farmers who are signing up for the 1987
program this month.
    But the aide to Lyng said it was doubtful that the
department would offer a retroactive bonus to farmers who
enrolled land in the 10-year conservation reserve last year.
    "How are you going to stop the tide," he said, referring to
demands that would follow from other commodity groups.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Hutchison Whampoa Ltd <HWHH.HK>
expects satisfactory profits in 1987 and will pay a higher
dividend for the year, chairman Li Ka-shing said.
    He did not make any specific projections for the company's
earnings this year but he said the firm will pay a dividend of
not less than 32.5 cents per share after a proposed
four-for-one stock split and a one-for-four bonus issue.
    It paid total dividends of 1.30 dlrs per share last year,
equal to 26 cents per share, adjusting for the bonus and share
split.
    Hutchison, which has operations ranging from trading to
property and container terminals, earlier reported after-tax
profits of 1.62 billion dlrs against 1.19 billion dlrs in 1985.
    The 1986 total excluded extraordinary gains of 563 mln
dlrs, partly from the sale of some of its stake in the South
China Morning Post, the leading English language newspaper,
compared with 369 mln dlrs the previous year. It said it
expects another 277 mln dlr gain in 1987 from the sale of the
remaining shares.
    Li said Hong Kong's property market remains strong while
its economy is performing better than forecast with its largely
export-led growth.
    Gross domestic product grew by nearly nine pct last year
against an initial government projection of 4.5 pct.
    But he said Hong Kong's large trade deficit with the U.S.
May result in protectionist measures that will adversely affect
the British colony.
    He said all of the company's major operations showed
improved results in 1986.
    Hutchison said earlier it will sell its entire 23.5 pct
interest in Hongkong Electric Holdings Ltd <HKEH.HK> to
<Cavendish International Holdings Ltd>, itself a spin-off from
Hongkong Electric.
    Under a reorganisation announced separately, Hongkong
Electric will spin off all its non-electricity related
activities into Cavendish, which will be listed on the local
stock exchange. Hongkong Electric shareholders will receive one
share in Cavendish for every Hongkong Electric share.
    Cavendish will buy the 348.2 mln Hongkong Electric shares
from Hutchison by issuing 975 mln new shares.
    The spin-off and the sale of Hongkong Electric shares will
give Hutchison a 53 pct stake in Cavendish.
    Li said the decision to spin-off Cavendish is to relieve
Hongkong Electric of public criticism of the power company for
making risky investments. But he denied there was pressure from
the government for the spin-off.
    He said Cavendish will have seven billion dlrs of assets
and will be almost debt free, with 340 mln dlrs of liabilites.
Its major assets are the Hong Kong Hilton Hotel, property
development, and interests in Husky Oil Ltd <HYO.TO> of Canada
and Pearson Plc <PSON.L> of Britain.
 REUTER

[PLACE]:hong-kong
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:<America First Federally Guaranteed
Mortgage Fund Two> said it is making a special distribution of
71.6 cts per exchangeable unit, which includes 67.62 cts from
return on capital and 3.98 cts from income gains.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:
[PLACE]:
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:U.S. semiconductor manufacturers,
struggling to stem a river of red ink, are increasingly looking
toward customized designs rather than mass-market chips for
future profits.
    The market for customized chips - semiconductors designed
for a very specific application or product - is expected to
expand by 25 to 30 pct this year, compared with only about six
pct for the entire integrated circuit industry.
     Market researcher Dataquest Inc estimates that sales of
customized chips totaled about 4.5 billion dlrs worldwide last
year, about 12 pct of the total chip market. By 1990, however,
customized chips are expected to represent a 12 billion to 15
billion dlr market, about 25 pct of total chip sales.
    More important for their vendors, because they are not a
standard design customized chips represent a sellers' market,
and prices and profit margins can be set accordingly.
    High volume memory chips have become "a perfect commodity
market," Robert Brodersen, a professor of electrical
engineering at the University of California at Berkeley, told
an industry forum.
    "The product is interchangeable between one manufacturer
and another and customers base their buying decisions almost
entirely on price," Brodersen said. 
    He predicted that, in the next few years, only a handful of
the world's largest chip manufacturers (most of them Japanese)
will produce memory chips, the standard electronic component
found in everything from digital watches to computers. "The
rest of the industry just won't be involved."
    Last week's International Solid State Circuits Conference,
the chip industry's annual forum for new developments, seemed
to support Brodersen's prediction.
     Of the 116 papers presented at the conference, some 40 pct
had Japanese authors, the first time they have outnumberd the
United States. Most of the Japanese chip designs were in the
memory category, including Nippon Telephone and Telegraph Co's
attention-grabbing 16 mln bit dynamic random access memory
(dram) chip, 16 times more powerful than anything now
available.
    The most advanced memory chip described by a U.S. company
was International Business Machine Corp's <IBM> four mln bit
chip, and IBM only manufactures chips for its own internal use,
not for the open market.
    The problem with memory chips is that they are all based on
the same, well known design standards, so they are easy to copy
and inexpensive to manufacture. Because such large Japanese
conglomerates as Sony Corp <SNE>, NEC Corp, <NIPNY> Matushita
and Mitsui have their own enormous consumer and electronics
product lines, they also have a guaranteeed internal market for
their chips, so they can produce huge amounts at a very low
cost per unit.
    Customized chips, however, are designed for a specific
customer, manufactured in small quantities and expensive
relative to standard chips. Computer markets are increasingly
looking to customized chips because they are difficult to copy,
thus making the final product harder to clone as well.
    Intel Corp <INTC>, the leading manufacturer of the
microprocessors that form the brains of most computers, alerted
the industry to its intention to switch to customized chips
last fall.
    The company, which just reported a loss for 1986, said it
will spend 75 mln dlrs over the next three years to turn itself
into a leading manufacturer of custom and semi-custom chips.
    Intel joins some 275 companies already competing for a
piece of the customized chip business but it has an advantage
that the others do not. IBM, which owns a 20 pct stake in
Intel, has agreed to share the designs for many of the 15,000
chips it makes for its own use. Intel will customize those
designs and sell them to others.
    It will also get to use IBM's proprietary computer system
for designing chips, considered by experts to be one of the
most advanced in the world.
    Intel's success is still not guaranteed, however. Industry
analysts noted that it is far different to design a mass market
item than a customized chip that requires a close working
relationship with the customer.
    Intel spent five years and 100 mln dlrs developing its
newest 30386 microprocessor. A much faster turnarouond time,
and much lower development costs, will be required for
customized chips if the firm is to succeed.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:French industry is failing to produce the
goods its markets need and its loss of competitiveness has left
the government little room for manoeuvre to reflate the
economy, the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and
Development said.
    With gross domestic product likely to grow only 2.1 pct
this year, the same rate as last year, unemployment could climb
to 11.5 pct of the workforce by mid-1988, from its present 10.9
pct, it said in an annual review of the French economy.
    The report said the French economy was "increasingly
ill-adapted to demand" selling goods at "uncompetitive relative
prices on both domestic and export markets."
    "France's poor export performance reflects a geographical
bias in favour of markets less dynamic than the average...
And...A substantial loss of market share...In the past 18
months," it said.
    Pointing to a likely widening of the French trade deficit
to around 2.9 billion dlrs this year from 2.4 billion in 1986,
it warned that a further depreciation of the dollar against the
franc could lead to "a (renewed) loss of competitiveness
relative not only to the United States but also to the newly
industrialised countries."
    This could result in further major losses of market share,
particularly in the non-OECD area, which accounts for almost a
quarter of French exports, it said.
    Until the competitive ability of industry improved, the
authorities would have "little scope for macroeconomic
manoeuvre, even if the unemployment situation or the need to
encourage a pickup in investment could require demand to grow
more briskly," it added.
    But rising unemployment could help to hold down wage
demands, contributing to a slowdown in inflation to around a
two pct annual rate this year and early next, the OECD said.
    Written mainly in December last year, the report took no
account of a rise in oil prices early in 1987, and a 0.9 pct
surge in January consumer prices, caused partly by the
government's deregulation of service sector tariffs.
    "We took a bet that the freeing of prices would not provoke
runaway rises, and it is not absolutely certain that bet has
been lost," one OECD official commented.
    OECD officials said the January data and a rise in oil
prices above the 15 dlrs a barrel average assumed in the
report, indicated an upward revision in the inflation forecast
to around 2.5 or three pct.
    The government last week revised its forecast up to between
2.4 and 2.5 pct from two pct, against last year's 2.1 pct.
    But the OECD backed the government's view that the
underlying trend for inflation remained downwards this year,
with a slowdown in domestic costs taking over from last year's
fall in oil and commodity prices as the chief cause of
disinflation.
    With French unit productivity costs now among the lowest in
the OECD area, the inflation differential between France and
its main trading rival, West Germany, could fall to just one
pct this year, it said.
    On the other hand, the report noted, consumer prices for
industrial goods and private services have been rising steeply
as companies built up their profits.
    "For the disinflationary process to continue , and price
competitiveness to become lastingly compatible with exchange
rate stability, it is essential that wage restraint continue,"
it said.
 REUTER

[PLACE]:france
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:<Coloroll Group Plc> said it has entered
into a conditional agreement to acquire the business and assets
of <Wallco Inc> and related companies for 14.5 mln dlrs.
    Miami-based Wallco manufactures and distributes
wallcoverings and showed a pretax profit of 1.5 mln dlrs on
turnover of 37 mln in the year ending June 1986. The total U.S.
Market was estimated to be worth 840 mln dlrs in 1986, having
grown by 47 pct in the previous five years, Coloroll said.
    The combined sales and profit of the enlarged Coloroll U.S.
Business would be 67 mln and four mln dlrs respectively.
 REUTER

[PLACE]:usa, uk
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Turkish retail prices rose 2.7 pct in
February after 2.9 pct in January and 1.7 pct in February 1986,
the State Statistics Institute said.
    Prices in the year to February rose 31.6 pct, compared with
30.3 pct in the year to January and 38.8 pct in the 12 months
to February 1986.
    The index (base 1978/79), covering 14 towns and five
regions, was 1,886.8 in February, 1,837.2 in January and
1,434.0 in February 1986.
 REUTER

[PLACE]:turkey
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Shr loss 2.07 dlrs vs loss eight cts
    Net loss 11,445,000 vs loss 501,000
    Revs 14.5 mln vs 11.0 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 1.91 dlrs vs profit four cts
    Net loss 12,427,000 vs profit 211,000
    Revs 60.8 mln vs 51.5 mln
    Note: includes non-recurring charges of 12,131,000 dlrs in
the 4th qtr and 12,500,000 dlrs in the year for reserve for
underperforming restaurants.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:China called on the United States to
remove curbs on its exports, to give it favourable trading
status and ease restrictions on exports of high technology.
    But the U.S. Embassy replied that Chinese figures showing
13 years of trade deficits with the U.S. Out of the last 15 are
inaccurate and said Peking itself would have to persuade
Congress to change laws which limit its exports.
     The official International Business newspaper today
published China's demands in a  editorial to coincide with the
visit of U.S. Secretary of State George Shultz.
     "It is extremely important that the U.S. Market reduce its
restrictions on Chinese imports, provide the needed facilities
for them and businessmen from both sides help to expand Chinese
exports," the editorial said.
     "The U.S. Should quickly discard its prejudice against
favourable tariff treatment for Chinese goods and admit China
into the Generalised System of Preference (GSP).
     "Despite easing of curbs on U.S. Technology exports in
recent years, control of them is still extremely strict and
influences normal trade between the two countries," it added
     The paper also printed an article by China's commercial
counsellor in its Washington embassy, Chen Shibiao, who said
that "all kinds of difficulties and restrictions" were preventing
bilateral trade fulfilling its full potential.
     He named them as U.S. Protectionist behaviour, curbs on
technology transfer and out-of-date trade legislation.
     The paper also printed a table showing that, since
bilateral trade began in 1972, China has had a deficit every
year except 1972 and 1977. It shows the 1986 and 1985 deficits
at 2.09 billion and 1.722 billion dlrs.
     A U.S. Embassy official said the U.S. Did not accept
Peking's trade figures at all, mainly because they exclude
goods shipped to Hong Kong and then trans-shipped to U.S. While
U.S. Figures are based on country of origin.
     He said that, if China wants to obtain GSP status, it will
have to lobby Congress itself to persaude it to amend several
laws which currently prevent Peking getting such status.
     The U.S. Trade Act of 1974 says that to qualify for GSP,
China must be a member of the General Agreement of Tariffs and
Trade (GATT), for which it applied in July 1986, and "not be
dominated or controlled by international Communism."
     The official said China was well aware of the laws, some
of which date to the anti-Communist early 1950's, but that
there is not sufficient political will in the U.S. To change
them.
     China has been the subject of about a dozen cases
involving anti-dumping in the U.S. Within the last two years,
which the U.S. Side won, he said.
     But, for the first time, China signed last week an
agreement which it itself initiated to voluntarily restrain
exports of at least two categories of steel goods, which may
lead the U.S. Side to withdraw the anti-dumping case, he added.
     Another diplomat said willingness to provide such
voluntary export restraints would be an important issue in
bilateral trade issues and in Peking's application to GATT.
     "China has the potential to disrupt world markets,
especially in textiles. Other GATT countries will be nervous
about China in this respect. But there is a precedent for other
centralled planned economies in GATT," the diplomat said.
     Poland, Czechoslovakia, Hungary and Romania are members of
GATT but none has China's massive market potential for imports
or its vast labour pool to produce cheap exports.
     In a speech today in the northeast city of Dalian, U.S.
Secretary of State George Shultz said his country welcomed
China's interest in participating in GATT.
     "The process of Chinese accession will not be accomplished
overnight -- the GATT rules were not designed for a large
economy of the Chinese type," Shultz said.
     "China can play an important role by actively joining GATT
discussions seeking to expand general trading opportunities and
enhance market access for exports worldwide. China can further
develop its foreign trade system so as to gain the maximum
benefit from its GATT participation," he said.
     The problems facing U.S.-China trade and GATT membership
are similar -- a pricing system which many foreign businessmen
regard as arbitrary and not related to actual costs, especially
for exports, and a de facto dual currency system.
     In a memorandum backing its application presented to GATT
last month, China said it was gradually reforming its economic
system and replacing mandatory instruction with "guidance
planning" and economic levers.
     The diplomat said that, to join GATT, China had much to
do.
 REUTER

[PLACE]:china, usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Chrysler Financial Corp, a unit of
Chrysler Corp, is raising 250 mln dlrs through an offering of
notes due 1992 with a 7-5/8 pct coupon and par pricing, said
lead manager Salomon Brothers Inc.
    That is 93.5 basis points above the yield of comparable
Treasury securities. Non-callable for life, the issue is rated
Baa-1 by Moody's and BBB by Standard and Poor's. Merrill Lynch
Capital Markets co-managed the deal.
    On February 10, Chrysler Financial sold 200 mln dlrs of
same-rated seven-year notes priced to yield 8.13 pct, or 100
basis points over Treasuries.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Caisse Centrale Desjardins du Quebec is
issuing a 10 billion yen step-up eurobond maturing on March 25,
1992 and priced at 101-3/4 pct, joint-bookrunner Warburg
Securities said.
    The issues pays a coupon of one pct in years one and two
and then pays a coupon of 7-7/8 pct in years three, four and
five. The selling concession is 1-1/4 pct while management and
underwriting combined pays 5/8 pct.
    The payment date is March 25 while the issue will be listed
in Luxembourg. The borrower is the wholesale financing arm of a
major group of credit unions in the Province of Quebec.
 REUTER

[PLACE]:uk
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Shr 38 cts vs 26 cts
    Net 4,955,000 vs 3,444,000
    Revs 81.7 mln vs 59.3 mln
    12 mths
    Shr 1.41 dlrs vs 80 cts
    Net 18.6 mln vs 10.5 mln
    Revs 286.4 mln vs 242.8 mln
 Reuter

[PLACE]:
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Quaker Oats Co said it filed a shelf
registration with the Securities and Exchange Commission
covering up to 250 mln dlrs in debt securities.
    The company said it may offer the securites in one or more
issues, from time to time, over the next two years.
    Proceeds will be used to repay short term debt issued in
connection with Quaker Oats' recent acquisitions and for other
corporate purposes, it said.
    Underwriters may include Salomon Brothers Inc and Goldman,
Sachs and Co.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:NCR Corp's Personal Computer
division said it signed an agreement to distrubute its personal
computer products to 544 <Computerland Corp> stores in the U.S.
    The company said the agreement covers its entire PC line,
which will be sold by Computerland franchises, Computerland
Stores Inc, and for major corporate bids, through the
Computerland National Accounts Program.
    Computerland said it is planning a direct mail campaign and
other publicity on its private satellite network to promote the
NCR line.
    The primary products to be sold by Computerland stores
include the PC8 AT-compatible unit, the PC6 dual-speed model
and the 2114/PC Retail Management System, according to NCR.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Xerox Corp said it has added a
system that can handle more than 3,000 calls per hour and store
up to 526 hours of messages to its Voice Message Exchange
product line.
    Available with 12 to 64 ports, the new System V is designed
to serve 800 to 10,000 users, the company said. It is
compatible with the company's entire voice message exchange
line, it added.
    Xerox said the system may be rented annually, with an
option to purchase, starting at 4,700 dlrs per month, or
purchased for 123,000 dlrs.

 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Shr 81 cts vs 2.78 dlrs
    Net 53.5 mln vs 180.9 mln
    Revs 915.5 mln vs 836.0 mln
    Note: 1986 net includes 125 mln dlr or 1.90 dlr shr
writedown of investment in <Canada Northwest Energy Ltd> vs
yr-ago extraordinary loss of 17 cts shr (net fig not given).
 Reuter

[PLACE]:
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Murgold Resources Inc said the number
three vein zone at its Timmins, Ontario property yielded
partial assay results of 1.08 ounces gold a short ton across an
average width of 4.2 feet and length of 200 feet.
    It said many of the individual assays were more than one
ounce a ton but had not been cut.
    The company said these results were expected, because the
structure was known from previous drilling as a narrow but very
high-grade gold vein. Its known length is 2,800 feet and will
be explored and tested as part of the underground work, Murgold
said.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Average interest rates on yen certificates
of deposit, CD, fell to 4.27 pct in the week ended February 25
from 4.32 pct the previous week, the Bank of Japan said.
    New rates (previous in brackets), were -
    Average CD rates all banks 4.27 pct (4.32)
    Money Market Certificate, MMC, ceiling rates for the week
starting from March 2          3.52 pct (3.57)
    Average CD rates of city, trust and long-term banks
    Less than 60 days          4.33 pct (4.32)
    60-90 days                 4.13 pct (4.37)
    Average CD rates of city, trust and long-term banks
    90-120 days             4.35 pct (4.30)
    120-150 days            4.38 pct (4.29)
    150-180 days            unquoted (unquoted)
    180-270 days            3.67 pct (unquoted)
    Over 270 days           4.01 pct (unquoted)
    Average yen bankers' acceptance rates of city, trust and
long-term banks
    30 to less than 60 days unquoted (4.13)
    60-90 days              unquoted (unquoted)
    90-120 days             unquoted (unquoted)
 REUTER

[PLACE]:japan
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:India's sugar output to January 31 in
the 1986/87 season (October/September) rose to 3.66 mln tonnes
from 3.46 mln in the same 1985/86 period, the Indian Sugar
Mills Association said.
    Total offtake in the first four months of the current year
was 2.71 mln tonnes (including 241,000 tonnes imported) for
domestic use and 4,000 tonnes for export, against 2.81 mln
tonnes (including 993,000 imported) for domestic use and 3,000
tonnes for export in the corresponding period of 1985/86.
    Factory stocks at end-January were 3.05 mln tonnes (96,000
imported) against 3.13 mln (96,000 imported) a year earlier.
 REUTER

[PLACE]:india
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Shr profit 15 cts vs profit four cts
    Annual div 72 cts vs 72 cts prior yr
    Net profit 72,000 vs profit 16,000
    Revs 7,075,000 vs 2,330,000
    12 mths
    Shr profit 42 cts vs loss 11 cts
    Net profit 203,000 vs loss 55,000
    Revs 16.1 mln vs 3,971,000
    NOTE: annual dividend payable April 10, 1987, to
stockholders of record on March 27, 1987.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:<Sale Tilney Plc> said it has purchased
80 pct of the ordinary share capital of <B and R International
Inc.>, a U.S. Insurance broker, for 5.6 mln dlrs.
    Sale is paying 3.6 mln dlrs in cash on completion, with the
balance plus interest to be paid in equal instalments over the
next six years.
    B and R posted pretax profit of 855,000 dlrs in the year to
Dec 31, 1986 when it had net tangible assets of 563,000 dlrs.
 REUTER

[PLACE]:usa, uk
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Pittston Co said it has
tentatively agreed to acquire WTC International N.V. in a
tax-free exchange of stock.
    Pittston said it agreed to exchange 0.523 common share for
each of the about 8,612,000 WTC common shares outstanding.
    Pittston said WTC's three principal shareholders, who own
62 pct of its stock, are parties to this agreement. They have
granted Pittston the right of first refusal to their shares.
    WTC has granted Pittston an option to buy WTC shares equal
to 18.5 poct of its outstanding stock. The agreement is subject
to approval of both boards and WTC shareholders.
    Pittston said described WTC as a fast growing air freight
forwarding company with operations throughout the world. Its
revenues totaled nearly 200 mln dlrs in the year ended November
30 and for the quarter ended on that date it earned 1.3 mln
dlrs on revenues of 55.8 mln dlrs.
    Pittston said its Burlington Air Express subsidiary
generates about two-thirds of its 450 mln dlrs in annual
revenes with its domestic air freight services.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Rexnord Inc said it will redeem
all of its preferred stock purchase rights for 10 cts a right
effective today.
    Rexnord said the rights will be redeemed because it is
expected its shares will be tendered under a January 30
takeover offer from Banner Acquisition Corp. The rights trade
in tandem with Rexnord's common stock.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Mthly div 7.1 cts vs 7.1 cts prior
    Pay March 31
    Record March 16
    NOTE: Franklin High-Yield Insured Tax-Free Income Fund.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Shr loss 18 cts vs loss one ct
    Net loss 1,343,000 vs loss 49,000
    Revs 6,778,000 vs 1,976,000
    Year
    Shr loss 67 cts vs loss ten cts
    Net loss 4,693,000 vs loss 672,000
    Revs 14.0 mln vs 7,034,000
    Note: 1986 loss included one-time loss of 3,624,000 dlrs on
write-off of certain silver, oil and gas interests.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Dean Foods Co expects earnings for the
fourth quarter ending May 30 to exceed those of the same
year-ago period, Chairman Kenneth Douglas told analysts.
    In the fiscal 1986 fourth quarter the food processor
reported earnings of 40 cts a share.
    Douglas also said the year's sales should exceed 1.4
billion dlrs, up from 1.27 billion dlrs the prior year.
    He repeated an earlier projection that third-quarter
earnings "will probably be off slightly" from last year's 40
cts a share, falling in the range of 34 cts to 36 cts a share.
    Douglas said it was too early to project whether the
anticipated fourth quarter performance would be "enough for us
to exceed the prior year's overall earnings" of 1.53 dlrs a
share.
    In 1988, Douglas said Dean should experience "a 20 pct
improvement in our bottom line from effects of the tax reform
act alone."
    President Howard Dean said in fiscal 1988 the company will
derive  benefits of various dairy and frozen vegetable
acquisitions from Ryan Milk to the Larsen Co.
    Dean also said the company will benefit from its
acquisition in late December of Elgin Blenders Inc, West
Chicago.
    He said the company is a major shareholder of E.B.I. Foods
Ltd, a United Kingdom blender, and has licensing arrangements
in Australia, Canada, Brazil and Japan.
    "It provides ann entry to McDonalds Corp <MCD> we've been
after for years," Douglas told analysts.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Mexican state oil firm Petroleos Mexicanos
(Pemex) signed for a 500 mln dlruntied loan from the
Export-Import Bank of Japan to finance its Pacific Petroleum
Project, Pemex Japan representative Tito Ayal said.
    No further details on the loan were immediately available.
    Ayala told an oil seminar the project, due for completion
in 1988, is aimed at improving distribution of oil products in
the domestic market, mainly along the Pacific coast.
    The project consists of a pipeline linking Nueva Teapa on
the Gulf of Mexico with Salina Cruz on the Pacific Coast, and
construction of the second phase of the Salina Cruz refinery.
    The project also includes construction of liquified
petroleum gas (LPG) storage tanks at Santa Cruz, additional
crude oil storage at both ends of the pipeline, an ammonia
complex at Lazaro Cardenas on the Pacific Coast and expansion
of the infrastructure of the port of Salina Cruz, Ayala said.
    Pemex will buy 80 mln dlrs worth of foreign equipment and
materials for the project, he said. The new pipeline will
enable Japan to load Mexico's Maya crude oil at Salina Cruz
rather than in the Gulf of Mexico. Pemex will also have some
LPG surplus available in Salina Cruz that may help Japan
diversify its supply sources of that product, he added.
 REUTER

[PLACE]:japan, mexico
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Saudi Arabian Oil Minister Hisham Nazer
reiterated the kingdom's commitment to last December's OPEC
accord to boost world oil prices and stabilize the market, the
official Saudi Press Agency SPA said.
    Asked by the agency about the recent fall in free market
oil prices, Nazer said Saudi Arabia "is fully adhering by the
... accord and it will never sell its oil at prices below the
pronounced prices under any circumstance."
    Saudi Arabia was a main architect of December pact under
which OPEC agreed to cut its total oil output ceiling by 7.25
pct and return to fixed prices of around 18 dollars a barrel.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:saudi-arabia, bahrain
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:AC and R Advertising, a subsidiary of
Ted Bates Worldwide, a unit of one of the largest advertising
agencies in the U.S., Saatchi and Saatchi, said it will merge
with two other Bates units to form a new entity under Bates
called AC and R/DHB and Bess.
    The company said the other units are Diener/Hauser/Bates
(DHB) and Sawdon and Bess. AC and R chairman Stephen Rose said
the combined billings will be 311 mln dlrs, representing a
total of 157 clients.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Shr six cts vs 12 cts
    Net 132,151 vs 261,560
    Revs 622,909 vs 968,4287
    1st half
    Shr nine cts vs 24 cts
    Net 204,765 vsd 539,769
    Revs 1,181,424 vs 1,867,892
 Reuter

[PLACE]:
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Shr 43 cts vs 30 cts
    Net 10.6 mln vs 5,967,000
    Revs 62.9 mln vs 41.5 mln
    Avg shrs 200.7 mln vs 20.2 mln
    Year
    Shr 1.26 dlrs vs 85 cts
    Net 30.1 mln vs 16.6 mln
    Revs 210.8 mln vs 121.6 mln
    Avg shrs 23.9 mln vs 19.4 mln
    NOTE: Share adjusted for January 1987 two-for-one split.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Shr 27.5p vs 24.3p
    Div 3.95p vs 3.34p making 6.5p vs 5.5p
    Pre-tax profit 85.1 mln stg vs 72.3 mln
    Turnover 702.6 mln vs 646.7 mln
    Tax 18.4 mln vs 15.2 mln
    Finance charges 4.1 mln vs 5.4 mln
    Minority interest 0.1 mln vs 0.5 mln
    Extraordinary debit, being closure and restructuring costs
4.9 mln vs 3.7 mln
    Operating profit includes -
    Pharmaceutical 49.8 mln vs 39.0 mln
    Scientific equipment 23.2 mln vs 19.2 mln
    Horticulture 8.0 mln vs 8.7 mln
    Note - company said it plans one-for-one capitalisation
 REUTER

[PLACE]:uk
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Liebert Corp said its shareholders
approved the merger of a wholly-owned subsidiary of Emerson
Electric Co <EMR>.
    Under the terms of the merger, each Liebert shareholder
will receive .3322 shares of Emerson stock for each Liebert
share.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Cheung Kong (Holdings) Ltd <CKGH.HK>
is expecting strong results this year after reporting better
than expected profits in 1986, chairman Li Ka-shing said.
    He did not give a specific earnings projection but he told
reporters the firm will pay total dividends of not less than 19
cents a share this year after a one-for-four bonus issue and a
four-for-one stock split.
    The company earlier declared total dividends equal to 15
cents a share for 1986, adjusting for the stock split and bonus
issue.
    Cheung Kong's earnings rose to 1.28 billion H.K. Dlrs in
1986, well above market expectations of 920 mln to one billion
dlrs. They compared with profits of 551.7 mln dlrs in 1985.
    Cheung Kong also reported extraordinary gains of 983.6 mln
dlrs mainly from the firm's sale of the Hong Kong Hilton Hotel
to Hongkong Electric Holdings Ltd <HKEH.HK> for one billion
dlrs. It had gains of 81.3 mln dlrs in 1985.
    Li attributed the surge in 1986 earnings to a buoyant local
property market and substantial increases in contributions from
associated companies.
    "Looking ahead, 1987 should be another year of stability for
the property market," Li said. "The growth in (Hong Kong's)
exports is expected to stimulate the demand for industrial
buildings."
    Cheung Kong is cash rich and is looking for new projects in
the British colony, Li said, noting the firm is interested in a
land reclamation project along the Hong Kong harbour and is
exchanging views with the government on a proposal to build a
second airport.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:hong-kong
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Pall Corp said sales in the second
quarter rose about 17 pct to 94 mln dlrs from 80 mln dlrs a
year ago, bringing sales for the six months to 174.6 mln dlrs,
up 16 pct from 150.3 mln dlrs.
    Orders in the quarter ended Jan 31 rose about 15 pct to
101.1 mln dlrs and 13 pct to 189.6 mln dlrs in the six months.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:
[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Medco Containment Services
Inc said its board declared an initial annual dividend of 10
cts per share, its first payout, payable March 19 to holders of
record March 12.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Thai Airways International plans to
expand its fleet to 58 from 30 aircraft by 1995, company
officials said.
    Thamnoon Wanglee, vice-president for finance, told a
weekend marketing conference Thai would finance the expansion
by borrowing, but he did not give details.
    He said the airline planned to reduce its yen borrowing to
36.4 pct of overall debt by September 1992. It is currently
64.3 pct of overall debt.
    He said dollar borrowing should rise to 56.2 pct of overall
debt in the same period, compared to 15.7 pct now.
    Other company officials said the state-owned airline had no
plans to go private. They said the airline is studying a
government proposal for it to merge with Thai Airways Company,
the state-owned domestic carrier.
    A report presented to the conference showed the airline
expects passenger sales revenue to be 13 pct higher in 1987
than in 1986. This follows a 20 pct jump in passenger sales
revenue in the past four months.
    Executive vice president Chatrachai Bunya-ananta said the
current expansion of Bangkok airport would be completed this
year.
 REUTER

[PLACE]:thailand
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Sens. Alan Cranston (D-Cal.) and
Daniel Evans (R-Wash.) said they introduced export licensing
reform legislation that could save U.S. companies hundreds of
thousands of dollars annually.
    "Our emphasis is two-fold: Decontrol and de-license items
where such actions will not endanger our national security, and
eliminate the Department of Defense's de facto veto authority
over the licensing process," Cranston said.
    "Our reforms should reduce licensing requirements by 65  to
70 pct," he told reporters. "I am convinced that a more
rational...licensing process will boost exports."
    U.S. export controls are intended to deny Eastern bloc
countries access to technology that could further their
military capabilities.
    "By refocusing our control resources on higher levels of
technology, technology that is truly critical, we will do a
better job of preventing diversion of critical technology to
our adversaries while promoting more exports," Cranston said.
    "We cannot expect to continue to play a leading role in new
technology development in the future if we unduly restrict the
activities of U.S. firms in the world market-place," Evans told
reporters.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:The U.S. Department of Transportation
(DOT) has concluded that a ban on smoking on all domestic
airline flights is not justified at this time.
    The department made known its conclusions in a report to
Congress, made public today, on a recommendation by the
National Academy of Sciences that such a ban be adopted.
    "We agree that exposure to environmental tobacco smoke could
be viewed as a problem by some crew and passengers. However, we
believe that further study is needed before the department can
propose a definitive response to this recommendation," the DOT
report said.
    The National Academy of Sciences (NAS) had studied the
issue of smoking on airlines under a DOT grant.
    It recommended a ban in August after concluding that
tobacco smoke, when confined to an airliner's cabin, posed
potential health hazards to cabin crew members, irritated 
passengers and crew, and created a risk of fires.
    The DOT said more study was needed of the health effects of
environmental tobacco smoke and of the concentration and
distribution of pollutants on various aircraft types.
    It also called for more study of possible changes in
aircraft ventilation systems and said it wanted to spend more
time considering whether a ban should be extended to 
international as well as domestic flights.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:Mthly div 7.1 cts vs 7.1 cts prior
    Pay March 31
    Record March 16
    NOTE: Franklin Puerto Rico Tax-Free Income Fund.
 Reuter

[PLACE]:usa
<|endoftext|>
 
 <|startoftext|>
[CONTEXT]:(Marshall Steel Ltd), formerly Marshall
Drummond McCall Inc, said it will report a 17 mln dlr net gain
before taxes this year from the sale of its Drummond McCall
division, which was sold effective January one.                
   
 Reuter

[PLACE]:canada
<|endoftext|>
 